Graze	W	common	Instant	10	W	W	Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature or planeswalker this turn.
Scry 2.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEReimu Hakurei	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	211	WR	2RW	Flying, vigilance, lifelink
Fantasy Seal — 2RW, T: Reimu deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two target creatures.	3/3		normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMEMarisa Kirisame	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	191	UR	2UR	Flying, haste, prowess
Blazing Star — You may cast sorcery and enchantment spells as though they had flash.	4/3		normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMEFantasy Nature	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment — Aura 	8	W	1W	Enchant legendary creature or planeswalker
Vanishing 1 (This permanent enters with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
Enchanted permanent has protection from everything. This effect doesn’t remove Fantasy Nature.
Last Word — As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may discard two cards. If you do, it enters with two additional time counters on it.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMESanae, Living God	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human God 	220	UG	XXGGUU	Flying, vigilance
Bumper Crop — When Sanae enters, you may shuffle your hand into your library, then exile the top X cards of your library. You may cast a card exiled this way without paying its mana cost. Put the rest into your hand.
Miracle X1GU (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it’s the first card you drew this turn.)	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEReisen, Lunatic Moon Rabbit	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Youkai 	213	BR	BR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard two cards.
Menace
Lunatic Red Eyes — As long as you have no cards in hand, nonland cards in your opponent’s hands have “As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.”	4/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEEirin, Sage of Hourai	WUG	rare	Legendary Creature — Moonfolk Doctor 	157	WUG	1GWU	Sin of Immortality — Whenever Eirin enters or attacks, put an elixir counter on up to one other target creature. For as long as it has an elixir counter on it, it has “If this permanent would leave the battlefield, instead exile it, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.”	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKaguya, Lunatic Princess	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Moonfolk Noble 	45	U	1UU	Flash
Preserve in time — When Kaguya enters, target permanent or player gains hexproof until end of turn.
Return to the moon — When Kaguya leaves the battlefield, return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMokou, Immortal Smoke	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human 	107	R	2RR	You may cast Mokou, Immortal Smoke from your graveyard.
Haste
Inextinguishable — Sacrifice Mokou: It deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	2HU		"just add a life cost to the graveyard cast" -RickyRisterREPLACEMEGod Forbid Women Do Anything	U	uncommon	Instant	42	U	1U	Choose one or more —
• Counter target legendary creature spell.
• Counter target activated or triggered ability of a legendary creature.
• Target legendary creature loses all abilities until end of turn.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMECirno, the Unnatural Chill	UR	common	Legendary Snow Creature — Faerie 	156	UR	1UR	Flying
Perfect Freeze — Whenever a source you control deals damage to a creature an opponent controls, put that many stun counters on it.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEDaiyousei	UG	common	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	250	UG	G/U	Flash
Flying
When Daiyousei enters, you may untap target creature.	0/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEHong Meiling	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	167	RG	RG	T: Add R or G.
Creatures blocking or blocked by Hong Meiling have first strike.	4/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEKoakuma	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Devil 	251	BR	1B/R	Whenever Koakuma enters, attacks, or dies, it deals 1 damage to target player.	1/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEPatchouli, Archivist Recluse	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wizard 	54	U	1UU	Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.
Each spell you cast costs 1 more to cast for each other spell you’ve cast before it this turn.	1/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMERemilia, Fate's Mistress	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Vampire Noble 	214	BR	4BR	Flying
Scarlet Destiny — When Remilia enters, gain control of target creature an opponent controls.	5/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMERumia, Apparition of Night	B	common	Legendary Creature — Shade Youkai 	85	B	B	B: Rumia gets +1/+1 and gains shadow until end of turn. Activate only once. (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	2/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEFlandre Scarlet	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Vampire Noble 	160	BR	4BBRR	Flying
Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)
Four of a Kind — When Flandre enters, create three 2/2 black and red Vampire Noble creature tokens with flying and annihilator 1.	6/6		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEApparitions Stalk the Night	B	uncommon	Sorcery	64	B	1BB	Target opponent sacrifices a creature of their choice.
Create a 2/2 black Nightstalker creature token.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMESon Biten	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Monkey Youkai 	139	G	1GG	Vigilance
Monkey Strike — 4G, T: Son Biten fights target creature you don’t control. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEEnoko Mitsugashira	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wolf Zombie 	98	R	3R	First strike
Cerberus Fire — Whenever a creature dealt damage by Enoko Mitsugashira this turn dies, Enoko deals 2 damage to target opponent.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEChiyari Tenkajin	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Beast Youkai 	68	B	2B	Menace
Cursed Blood — At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Chiyari Tenkajin, then you gain 1 life and each opponent loses 1 life.	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEZanmu, the Unobstructed Light	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon Monk 	91	B	1B	Ward—Pay half your life, rounded down.
Accounted For — When Zanmu enters, until end of turn, all permanents and players lose protection and can’t have or gain protection.
Manipulate Void — Whenever a player casts a spell without paying its mana cost, that player discards a card, then you draw a card.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHisami, Hells Invitation	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Hag 	74	B	1BB	When Hisami enters, you may exile target creature. When you do, that creature’s controller creates two Treasure tokens.	2/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Hisami, Hells InvitationREPLACEMEAlice Margatroid	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wizard Artificer 	34	U	1UU	Dolls you control get +1/+1.
Shanghai and Hourai — 4, T: Create two 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature tokens.
Artful Sacrifice —  1, Sacrifice a Doll: Exile Alice Margatroid, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELetty Whiterock	U	common	Legendary Snow Creature — Spirit 	48	U	1UU	Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, that creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, tap target creature an opponent controls.	1/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELily White	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	17	W	WW	Flash
Flying, lifelink	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Prismriver Sisters	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	25	WUR	2W	Flying
When The Prismriver Sisters enters:
• Melancholy Violin — If U was spent to cast it, put a stun counter on each of up to three target creatures.
• Exuberant Trumpet — If R was spent to cast it, goad up to three target creatures.
(Do both if UR was spent)	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYukari Yakumo	URG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Yukari 	241	URG	2GUUR	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
Exile the top three cards of your library, then choose one. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.
Choose any number of creature cards you own from outside the game and put them onto the battlefield.		[+2]: Until your next turn, target nonland permanent phases out.
[-3]: Exile the top three cards of your library, then choose one. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.
[-10]: Choose any number of creature cards you own from outside the game and put them onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	2HU	5	REPLACEMEYuyuko, Mistress of Death	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Noble 	90	B	4BB	Menace, deathtouch
When Yuyuko enters, destroy target creature. Then, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying for each creature in target player’s graveyard.	3/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYatsuhashi and Benben	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Youkai Rebel Bard 	239	UR	1UR	Vanishing 3 (This creature enters with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
Magical Storm — Whenever a time counter is removed from Yatsuhashi and Benben, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.
Illusory Recital — Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you may add or remove a time counter from Yatsuhashi and Benben.	2/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMECharming Domination	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	37	U	3UU	Enchant creature
You control enchanted creature.
1: Enchanted creature becomes a copy of another target creature you control until end of turn.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMELullaby of a Deserted Hell	BR	uncommon	Enchantment	186	BR	1BR	Whenever this enchantment enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile target player’s graveyard. Until end of turn, you may play a card exiled this way.
1, Sacrifice this enchantment: Add one mana of any color.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMamizou, Tanuki Boss	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Dog Youkai 	189	UG	GGUU	Trample
When Mamizou enters, choose one —
• From Sado — Mamizou becomes a copy of target creature, except it’s 4/4 and has trample.
• From Gensokyo — Create two 1/1 green Dog creature tokens with “When this creature enters, you may have it become a copy of target creature, except it’s 1/1.”	4/4		normal	2HU		!addtoken Tanuki;2REPLACEMEToutetsu, the Avaricious Beast	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Goat Spirit 	87	UB	5B	Trample
Devour 3
When Toutetsu enters, create a Blood token for each creature it devoured.
B, Sacrifice a Blood token: Toutetsu gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.
U, Sacrifice a Blood token: Draw a card.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGouyoku Agent, Eagle	U	common	Enchantment Creature — Bird Spirit 	43	U	1U	Bestow 3U (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)
Flying
This creature can only block creatures with flying.
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1, has flying, and can only block creatures with flying.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMaster Spark	R	mythic	Legendary Sorcery	106	R	XR	(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)
Master Spark deals X damage to any target.
Last Word — As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may discard two cards. If you do, it deals X plus 5 damage to that target instead, and the damage can’t be prevented.			normal	2HU		Notes say X+5 too much
- board wipe stuff maybe?
- targets nonplayers but tramples?
- Ooh, X damage to target, 2 damage to each other target?REPLACEMEIdolatrize World	W	rare	Enchantment	12	W	3WWW	When this enchantment enters, exile all creatures you control. For each creature exiled this way, create a token copy of it except it’s a white artifact in addition to its other colors and types and has “When this creature dies, return a creature with the same name from exile to the battlefield under your control.”
Artifact creatures you control get +2/+2.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBorder of Life	B	uncommon	Instant	67	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control and create two tapped 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.”			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEVenerable Ancient Battlefield	UBG	rare	Enchantment	235	UBG	1BGU	The first time you would draw a card each turn, instead scry 2, then draw a card.
The first time you tap a land for mana each turn, add GG.
The first time a creature you control dies each turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Gensokyo the Gods Loved	G	uncommon	Sorcery	133	G	GG	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.
You may play an additional land this turn.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMELunatic Harlequin, Clownpiece	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Faerie Clown 	187	BR	2BR	Flying
When Clownpiece enters, each player discards their hand and draws two cards.
Whenever a player discards a card, they lose 1 life.	3/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGoddesses of Autumn	G	common	Legendary Creature — God 	134	WRG	1G	Forests you control have “T: Add R.”
Mountains you control have “T: Add W.”
Plains you control have “T: Add G.”	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEAya Shameimaru	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai 	147	UR	1UR	Flash
Flying, haste
Candid Shot — When Aya Shameimaru enters, look at target player’s hand and choose a card in it. That player reveals that card, and Aya deals damage to them equal to its mana value.
3UR: Return Aya to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERomantic Fall	RG	common	Sorcery	216	RG	1RG	Search your library for up to three basic lands and exile them. You may put one of them onto the battlefield tapped. Until the end of your next turn, you may play the others.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEAutumnal Waterfall	U	common	Instant	35	U	1U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.
Landfall — If a land entered the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYamame Kurodani	BG	common	Legendary Creature — Spider Youkai 	238	BG	1BG	Reach
Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)
Unexplained Fever — Whenever a creature dies, if it had a -1/-1 counter on it, proliferate. This ability triggers only once each turn. (To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERaiko Horikawa	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Youkai Rebel Bard 	109	R	2RR	Flying, double strike
Pristine Beat — Whenever Raiko deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to each creature they control.	1/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEWicked Hermit, Seiga Kaku	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Mystic 	236	UB	4UB	Corpse Tongji — When Seiga enters, put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control with a -1/-1 counter on it.
Wall-Phasing Chisel — Creatures you control with -1/-1 counters on them can’t be blocked.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMaidens Capriccio	WR	uncommon	Sorcery	188	WR	2RW	Create a 2/2 red and white Human Monk creature token and two 1/1 colorless Orb artifact creature tokens.
Creatures you control gain flying and haste until end of turn.			normal	2HU		!exportname Maidens CapriccioREPLACEMELove-Colored Magic	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	185	UR	2UR	Create two 1/1 red and blue Wizard creature tokens with haste and prowess.
You may cast an instant or sorcery with mana value 3 or less without paying its mana cost.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEExtend Ash	R	rare	Sorcery	99	R	2R	Create a token copy of target creature in your graveyard, except it has haste and is a Phoenix in addition to its other types. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMECurtain Fire	R	common	Sorcery	95	R	3RR	Curtain Fire deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of nonplayer targets.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEZenki and Goki	U	common	Legendary Creature — Bird Scout 	63	U	2UU	Flying
Whenever Zenki and Goki deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. Then draw a card.
When Zenki and Goki dies, create a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	2/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHecatia Lapislazuli	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	164	UBR	1UBR	Menace
Trinitarian Rhapsody — At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may reveal your hand. If you do, and you own a card named Hecatia Lapislazuli in your hand and in your graveyard, Hecatia deals 6 damage to each opponent and gets +6/+6 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMECosmic Mind	U	uncommon	Sorcery	38	U	1UU	Draw three cards, then discard a card unless you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMECinderella Cage	W	uncommon	Enchantment	7	W	2W	Flash
When this enchantment enters, target nonland permanent phases out until this enchantment leaves the battlefield. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)
W, Sacrifice this enchantment: You gain 2 life.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEReverse Ideology	R	rare	Sorcery	110	R	3RR	Switch each creature’s power and toughness until your next turn.
Goad each creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEExtra Healthbar		common	Enchantment — Aura 	1	C	3	Enchant creature
Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)
Enchanted creature has “Whenever an aura attached to this creature goes to the graveyard from the battlefield, untap this and put a +1/+1 counter on it.”			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEWriggle Nightbug	G	common	Legendary Creature — Insect Youkai 	144	G	2GG	Flash
When Wriggle Nightbug enters, create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMystia Lorelei	UB	common	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai 	199	UB	1UB	Flying, menace
Song of the Night Sparrow — T: Untap target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn.	1/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKeine Kamishirasawa	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	176	UG	1GU	At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Keine.
1, Exile a card from your graveyard: Scry 1.	2/2		transform double faced	2HU		Keine, Were-Hakutaku	UG	Legendary Creature — Human Youkai 	UG		Trample
Whenever Keine transforms into Keine, Were-Hakutaku, put the bottom three cards of your library into your graveyard. You may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
At the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Keine.	4/4			REPLACEMETewi, White Rabbit of Inaba	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Youkai 	29	WBR	2W	First, for Lord Daikoku — When Tewi enters, create a Food token.
Second, for his 180 children — Whenever you sacrifice an artifact token, create a 1/1 white Rabbit creature token.
We’ll keep pounding mochi! — B/RB/R, Sacrifice a Food: Tewi deals 3 damage to target creature.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMedicine Melancholy	B	uncommon	Legendary Artifact Creature — Doll 	81	B	2B	Deathtouch
Toxic X, where X is the number of Dolls you control. (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get X poison counters.)
When Medicine Melancholy enters, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYuuka Kazami	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Plant Youkai 	247	BG	1BG	Defender
Yuuka may block an additional creature each combat.
Lovely Spark — XBBGG: Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value X. Activate only once.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKomachi, Ferrywoman	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	179	WUB	WUB	First strike
Other nontoken creatures have afterlife 1. (Whenever those creatures die, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)
You have protection from spirits. (You can’t be targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything spirit.)	2/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEShikieiki, Judge of Paradise	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Golem Avatar 	225	WB	2WB	Defender, deathtouch
Whenever a creature you control dies, you gain life equal to that creature’s toughness.
Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, that player loses life equal to that creature’s power.	1/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEJudgement	WB	rare	Instant	173	WB	1WB	Choose one —
• Exile target creature.
• Exile target planeswalker.
• Exile target player’s graveyard.			normal	2HU		!tag PoFVREPLACEMEKosuzu, Curious Youth	R	common	Legendary Creature — Human 	104	BR	R	When this spell is cast from exile, it enters with two additional +1/+1 counters and a menace counter on it. It’s a black Deserter in addition to its other colors and types.	1/2		adventure	2HU		Night Parade	B	Sorcery — Adventure 	BR	2BB	Create three 1/1 black and red Youkai creature tokens. Each player loses 2 life. (Then exile this card. You may cast this creature later from exile.)				REPLACEMEMarisa and Alice	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	190	UR	4UR	Flying, prowess
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player’s library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDeaf to All but the Song	U	uncommon	Instant	39	UB	U	Kicker 1B  (You may pay an additional 1B as you cast this spell.)
Target creature phases out. If this spell was kicked, destroy it instead. (To phase out, treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEOre from the Age of the Gods		rare	Artifact — Treasure 	265	C	2	When this artifact enters, exile target creature card from a graveyard.
Izanagi Object — This artifact has the activated abilities of each card exiled with it.
T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKitten of Great Fortune		common	Artifact	262	C	3	1, T, Sacrifice this artifact: The next time target creature would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage. Create a Treasure token.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEReimu and Yukari	WUR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Youkai Cleric 	210	WUR	3URW	Flying, vigilance, menace
Whenever Reimu and Yukari attacks, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature with power less than Reimu and Yukari’s. Put it on the battlefield tapped and attacking, then put the rest of the cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHina Kagiyama	WG	common	Legendary Creature — God 	166	WG	2GW	Hinamatsuri — When Hina Kagiyama enters and at the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.
Nagashi-bina — Whenever one or more Dolls you control attack, put a shield counter on up to one other target non-Doll creature. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)	3/2		normal	2HU		!token DollREPLACEMENitori Kawashiro	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Turtle Youkai Artificer 	52	U	2U	Extending AAAAAARM! — 1: Until end of turn, Nitori Kawashiro gains reach and “Whenever Nitori blocks, put a stun counter on each creature it’s blocking.” Activate this ability only once each turn.
Hydraulic Power — U: The next ability of an artifact you activate this turn costs 3 less to activate.	2/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMomiji Inubashiri	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wolf Youkai Scout 	197	WU	1WU	Vigilance
Telegnosis — Each opponent plays with the top card of their library revealed.
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKanako, God of Progress	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature — God 	174	UBG	5BGU	Divine Virtue — Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may cast a nonland card from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYoshika Miyako	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Zombie 	89	B	1BBB	Devour 2 (As this enters, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)
Persist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it. If a creature has both -1/-1 and +1/+1 counters, remove one of each until only one kind remains.)	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESuwako, Native God	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature — God 	231	UBG	UBB	Native Faith — Whenever Suwako enters or attacks, create a black Aura Curse enchantment token named Mishaguji attached to target player. The token has enchant player and “At the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted player loses 1 life.”
Creation of Earth — 2G, Discard a card: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKisume	B	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Horror 	76	B	1B	Flash
Tsurube-Otoshi Apparition — When Kisume enters, put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEParsee, Green-Eyed Monster	BG	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Noble 	208	BG	2BG	Trample
Tongue-Cut Sparrow — At the beginning of your end step, each opponent with more life than you loses 2 life, each opponent that controls more creatures than you sacrifices a creature, and each opponent with more cards in hand than you discards a card.	4/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESafe Zone	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	27	W	W	Enchant creature
Flash
As this enchantment enters, choose a card name.
Enchanted creature has protection from the chosen card name. (It can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything with that card name.)			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMERin Kaenbyou	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Cat Youkai 	112	BR	1RR	Haste
Rekindling of Dead Ashes — 1B: Exile target card in a graveyard. If a creature card is exiled this way, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying and haste.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESatori Komeiji	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	223	UB	3UB	Menace
Brain Fingerprint — When Satori enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it.
Whenever Satori deals combat damage to a player, exile target card from that player’s graveyard.
Terrible Souvenir — You may cast cards exiled with Satori and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast them.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKoishi Komeiji		mythic	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	3	C	5	Shroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)
Lonely Visitor from Hell — Koishi Komeiji can’t be blocked.
Danmaku Paranoia — Whenever Koishi attacks, tap target creature defending player controls.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEIizunamaru, Daitengu	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai 	169	WUB	3WUB	Flying
Ward—Discard two cards.
Whenever Iizunamaru or another creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, exile target card from a graveyard. If a creature card was exiled this way, create a Treasure token. You may cast noncreature cards exiled this way for as long as they remain exiled if you spend mana from a Treasure to cast them.	5/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENazrin, Treasure Tracker	WU	common	Legendary Creature — Mouse Youkai 	202	WU	1WU	Vigilance
Little Dowser General — Whenever Nazrin enters or attacks, investigate.  (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
Gold Detector — T, Sacrifice a Clue: Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKogasa, Forgotten Umbrella	UR	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Spirit 	252	UR	1U/RU/R	Flash
BOO! — When Kogasa enters, change the target of target spell with a single target to Kogasa if able.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHatate Himekaidou	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai 	163	WB	1WB	Flash
Flying
Thoughtography — When Hatate enters, you may exile target card from a graveyard. When you do, gain life equal to that card’s mana value.
2WB: Return Hatate to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEIchirin Kumoi	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Youkai Monk 	168	WU	5WU	Flying, ward 4
When Ichirin Kumoi enters, create Unzan, a legendary 4/4 white and blue Elemental creature token with flying, double strike, indestructible, and vigilance. When Ichirin leaves the battlefield, exile that token.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETenshi, Delinquent Celestial	BRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Mystic 	232	BRG	2BRG	Trample
Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)
Whenever Tenshi deals combat damage to a creature, exile that many cards from the top of your library. Until your next turn, you may play those cards.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMECaptain Murasa	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Spirit Pilot 	152	UB	3UB	Vehicles you control have islandwalk.
Whenever a Vehicle or Spirit you control attacks and isn’t blocked, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.
3U, T, Discard a card: Put a flood counter on target land. It’s an Island in addition to its other types. (This effect lasts indefinitely)	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEShou Toramaru	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Cat Youkai Avatar 	28	W	1WWW	Vigilance, lifelink
1: Reveal the top card of your library. Shou Toramaru deals damage equal to that card’s converted mana cost divided as you choose among any number of target attacking or blocking creatures. Activate this ability only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEByakuren Hijiri	WU	rare	Legendary Creature — Wizard Monk 	151	WU	4WWU	Creatures can’t attack unless their controllers pay 2 for each creature they control attacking.
Whenever you gain life, each opponent gains that much life.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if each player has at least 20 more life than their starting life total, you win the game.	7/7		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKyouko Kasodani	R	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Monk 	105	R	R	Echo R (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)
Whenever Kyouko enters or its echo cost is paid, target creature can’t block this turn.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETojiko, Thunder Soul	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Mystic 	122	R	4R	Flying
At the beginning of each end step, if you or a creature you control was dealt damage this turn, Tojiko deals 3 damage to any target.	5/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMononobe no Futo	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Mystic 	198	WR	2RW	Rainy Iwafune — Whenever Futo becomes tapped, exile the top card of your library. Until your next end step, you may play that card.
Feng Shui — At the beginning of your end step, if you control an artifact, an enchantment, and a basic land, untap each nonland permanent you control.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMiko, the Saint Reborn	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Mystic Noble 	194	WB	6WBB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice five permanents. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.
When you cast this spell, discard your hand, then search your library and/or graveyard for seven cards and put them into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it.
Indestructible	5/5		normal	2HU		Make this a cast triggerREPLACEMEWakasagihime	U	common	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Youkai 	62	U	1UUU	Islandwalk (This creature can’t be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)
Wakasagihime gets +1/+1 for each Island you control.
Discard a card: Wakasagihime gains hexproof until end of turn.	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDynamic Entrance	G	common	Instant	126	G	1G	Target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn if it entered this turn. Then it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMEBell of Avici	B	common	Instant	65	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.
Suspend 3—2B (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay 2B and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)
Whenever a time counter is removed from Bell of Avici while it’s exiled, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEUtsuho Reiuji	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai Avatar 	123	R	3RRRR	Flying, haste
Whenever Utsuho Reiuji attacks, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature defending player controls.
☢ CAUTION !! ☢ — 1RR, Discard three cards: Triple Utsuho Reiuji’s power until end of turn.	5/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEScarlet Detonation	R	common	Sorcery	115	R	1R	Destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Scarlet Detonation deals 3 damage to each opponent.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEShanghai Doll		common	Artifact Creature — Doll 	270	C	2	When this creature dies, draw a card.	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMECrazy Backup Dancers	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Minion 	249	UBG	3G/UB	Menace
When Crazy Backup Dancers enters, return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand if G was spent to cast it, and return an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand if U was spent to cast it. (Do both if GU was spent.)	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESekibanki	R	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	117	R	XXRR	Menace
Multiplicative Head — When Sekibanki enters, create X 1/1 black and red Youkai creature tokens.
Dullahan Night — Whenever a creature token you control dies, Sekibanki deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKagerou, Bamboos Loup-Garou	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Werewolf Youkai 	135	G	G	Vigilance, trample
Full Moon Howling — 1GG: Until end of turn, Kagerou becomes a Wolf with base power and toughness 5/5.	1/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Kagerou, Bamboos Loup-GarouREPLACEMESeija, Bane of Gensokyo	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Youkai Rebel 	116	R	1RRR	First strike, trample, haste
Dethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)
Reverse Hierarchy — Pay 2 life: Each opponent gains 1 life.	4/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESukuna of the Shining Needle	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature — Dwarf Rebel Noble 	229	WRG	RGW	Bushido 5 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +5/+5 until end of turn.)
Miracle Mallet — Whenever Sukuna of the Shining Needle attacks and isn’t blocked, exile the top card of your library. You gain life equal to that card’s mana value and may play that card this turn.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEEternity Larva, Birth and Rebirth	G	common	Legendary Creature — Insect Faerie 	129	G	G	Flying
The first creature spell you cast each turn costs 1 less to cast.	0/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKomano Aunn	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dog Golem Youkai 	180	WG	1GW	Komano Aunn can block an additional two creatures each combat.
2GW, Reveal Aunn from your hand: Target unblocked attacking creature becomes blocked. (This ability works on creatures that can’t be blocked.)	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENarumi, Life Giver	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Golem Wizard 	201	UG	2GU	When Narumi enters, choose one—
• Manifest the top card of your library.
• Manifest a card in your hand. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)	2/4		normal	2HU		!addtoken LivingBullet;1REPLACEMESeiran, Lunar Invader	WB	common	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Soldier 	224	WB	WB	Bullets from another dimension — When Seiran enters, if you own seven or more cards in exile, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERingo, Tactical Coordinator	W	common	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Soldier 	26	W	1WW	Other Rabbits you control get +1/+1.
Ringo gets +2/+2 for each other Rabbit creature you control.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDoremy Sweet, Dream Eater	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Nightmare Youkai 	40	U	2UU	When Doremy Sweet enters, put a stun counter on each other creature.
T: Tap or untap target creature.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESagume, the Reversed Fortune	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Moonfolk Advisor 	217	WB	2WBB	Flash
When Sagume enters, until end of turn, if a player would gain life, that player loses that much life instead.
Discard a card: Target player gains life equal to that card’s mana value. Activate only as a sorcery, and only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEFierce Fang, Wolf	R	common	Enchantment Creature — Wolf Spirit 	100	R	1R	Bestow 3R (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)
This creature must attack each turn if able.
Enchanted creature gets +3/+1 and must attack each turn if able.	3/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKiketsus Sneak, Otter	G	common	Enchantment Creature — Otter Spirit 	136	G	1G	Bestow 3G (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)
Trample
Enchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has trample.
Whenever this creature or enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Kiketsus Sneak, OtterREPLACEMEEika Ebisu	G	common	Legendary Creature — Spirit Child 	127	G	G	When Eika Ebisu enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.
3G: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEUrumi Ushizaki	BG	common	Legendary Creature — Beast Demon 	234	BG	2BG	Creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 for each +1/+1 counter on them.
2G, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKutaka, Hells Border Patrol	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird God 	253	WU	2W/U	Flying, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Cards can’t leave graveyards.	2/3		normal	2HU		!exportname Kutaka, Hells Border PatrolREPLACEMEYachie Kicchou	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dragon Turtle Spirit 	237	UG	1GUU	Flash
When Yachie Kicchou enters during the declare attackers step, for each attacking creature, you may choose to have that creature no longer be attacking or reselect which player or planeswalker it’s attacking.	5/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKaguyas Impossible Request	U	common	Instant	46	U	1U	Counter target spell if it shares a card type with a permanent you control or a card in your graveyard.			normal	2HU		!exportname Kaguyas Impossible RequestREPLACEMEMayumi Joutougu	W	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem 	21	W	1W	Vigilance, protection from spirits
Humans you control have vigilance and protection from spirits.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENamazu	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Fish 	200	RG	5RG	When Namazu enters, it deals 4 damage to each other creature without flying and each player.
Namazu can’t be blocked by creatures with flying.	6/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKeiki, the Sculptor God	W	rare	Legendary Creature — God 	16	W	2WWW	Idol of Soil and Water — When Keiki enters, you may search your library for an artifact creature card with mana value 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
Artifact creatures you control get +1/+1 for each Human you control.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESaki Kurokoma	BRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Pegasus Spirit 	218	BRG	4BRG	Flying, haste, trample
Other creatures you control have trample.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, create two 3/1 red Wolf Spirit creature tokens with haste and “This creature must attack each combat if able.”	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMike Goutokuji	W	common	Legendary Creature — Cat Youkai 	22	W	1W	When Mike enters, choose one—
• Beckon Wealth — Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
• Beckon Customers — Create a 1/1 black and red Youkai creature token.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETakane Yamashiro	G	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Advisor 	140	RG	2GG	When Takane Yamashiro enters, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
3R/G: Exile target artifact, then create a Treasure token. This ability costs 3 less to activate if it targets an artifact you control.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESannyo Komakusa	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Hag 	221	BR	3BR	Whenever you attack, roll three six-sided dice. If two match, create a Treasure token and draw a card. If all three match, create two Treasure tokens and draw two cards. If you rolled exactly a 4, a 5, and a 6, draw three cards and until end of turn you may cast spells from your hand without paying their mana costs.	5/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMisumaru Tamatsukuri	WRG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — God 	196	WRG	RGW	Misumaru Tamatsukuri gets +2/+2 as long as you control an artifact token.
Misumaru Tamatsukuri has the activated abilities of artifact tokens you control.
2, T: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature, except it’s an artifact. (It still has all its abilities, but is not a creature.)	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETsukasa, Daitengu's Consultant	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Advisor 	233	UB	UB	At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag UMREPLACEMEChimata, God of Marketplaces	UBR	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	154	UBR	UBR	As long as you control less than seven noncreature artifact tokens, Chimata isn’t a creature.
At the beginning of each end step, exchange control of target nontoken permanent you control and target nonland permanent an opponent controls, then if you do, create a Treasure token.
Sacrifice three Treasures: Gain control of target permanent you own.	7/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESinGyoku, the Gatekeeper	R	common	Legendary Creature — Avatar 	118	R	1RR	Menace
Positive and Negative — 1: SinGyoku’s base power and toughness becomes 1/5, 5/1, or 3/3 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYuugenMagan	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elemental Demon 	245	WR	4RW	Flying, haste
As YuugenMagan enters, create five 1/1 white and red Eye creature tokens with flying and defender.
YuugenMagan’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of Eyes you control.	*/*		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKikuri, Hellish Moon	WB	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Wall 	177	WB	WWBB	Defender
When Kikuri, Hellish Moon enters, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Spirits you control get +1/+1.	1/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEElis, Innocence Devil	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Devil 	158	BR	2BR	Flying, haste
When Elis enters, it deals 2 damage to target creature an opponent controls.
BR, Discard a card: Exile Elis, then create a 1/1 black and red Bat creature token with flying and “Sacrifice this creature: Return a card named Elis, Innocence Devil from exile to the battlefield.”	3/2		normal	2HU		!addtoken ElisBat;1REPLACEMEKonngara, Astral Knight	RG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Giant Knight 	181	RG	5RG	First strike, vigilance, reach
Swordsman of a Distant Star — Whenever a creature dealt damage by Konngara this turn dies, exile it, then Konngara deals damage to each opponent equal to that creature’s mana value.	6/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESariel, Angel of Death	WUB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Angel 	222	WUB	5WUB	Flying, Vigilance, Menace
If Sariel would be put into a graveyard from anywhere but the battlefield, exile it instead.
Then let us die together — At the beginning of your end step, if Sariel is in your graveyard, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	7/7		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGenji, the Venerated	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elder Turtle 	161	UG	GU	Flying, hexproof
Whenever Genji attacks, until end of turn, another target creature you control gains flying, hexproof, trample, and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	0/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERika, the Tank Girl	R	common	Legendary Creature — Human Pilot 	111	R	2R	Haste
She’s in a Temper!! — T: Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.
Vehicles you control have “R, T: This permanent deals 2 damage to target player.”	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMeira, Seeker of Dark Power	BR	common	Legendary Creature — Human Samurai 	193	BR	BR	Haste
Claim the Hakurei — Whenever a creature dealt damage by Meira this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Meira and draw a card.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEOtherworld Defense Platform		uncommon	Legendary Artifact Creature — Orb 	266	C	3	Defender
Bet on Death — When Otherworld Defense Platform enters, surveil 2.
Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMima, the Black Wind	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Wizard 	82	B	4BB	Flying, haste, lifelink
When Mima dies, instead exile it.
2BB, Pay 4 life, Discard a card: Return Mima from exile to the battlefield.	6/6		normal	2HU		Cut lifelink?
Higher cost to recur?
Should recur tapped or as a sorcery

!tag SoEWREPLACEMEBad Apple	WB	rare	Sorcery	148	WB	WB	Search your library for a legendary creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Until end of turn, spells with that card’s name cost 2 less to cast. You lose 3 life. 			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEIwakasa, Bearer of the Elixir	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Human 	15	W	2WW	When Iwakasa enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.
At the beginning of your end step, if you control Iwakasa and exactly one other creature, sacrifice Iwakasa, then put three +1/+1 counters on that creature. It becomes legendary and gains indestructible. (This effect lasts indefinitely)	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESpellcard Declaration	R	uncommon	Instant	119	R	R	This spell can’t be countered.
Choose an instant or sorcery card name. Until end of turn, spells you control with the chosen name can’t be countered.
Draw a card.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEItem Collection Border	W	uncommon	Instant	14	W	2W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. You gain 1 life.
Gravestorm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each permanent put into a graveyard from the battlefield this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDeep-Mountain Encounter	B	uncommon	Sorcery	71	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. If you control a Hag, choose a nonland card from it and that player discards that card. Otherwise, that player discards a card.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEEllen, Eternal Unknowing	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wizard 	97	R	1RR	Skip your draw step.
Tabula Rasa — At the beginning of your upkeep, exile your hand and graveyard, then draw three cards	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKana Anaberal	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	47	U	U	Flying
When Kana Anaberal enters, target opponent gains control of it.
Vanishing Dream — At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top five cards of your library.	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKotohime, Maniacal Princess	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	182	WR	1RW	When Kotohime enters, for each opponent, choose up to one artifact, creature, or planeswalker they control. Exile them until Kotohime leaves the battlefield.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERikako Asakura	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Wizard Scientist 	215	WU	1WU	Prowess
Visionary Game — As you cast a noncreature, nonartifact spell, you may tap an untapped artifact you control. If you do, that spell costs X less to cast, where X is the mana value of that artifact.	1/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYumemi Okazaki	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Scientist 	244	UBR	2UBR	Adoration of Magic — Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. If you do, exile that spell if it has the same mana value as the revealed card.
You may cast spells exiled with Yumemi Okazaki without paying their mana costs.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe White Rabbits Trick	R	common	Instant	124	R	R	Until end of turn, target attacking creature you control can’t be blocked except by target untapped creature defending player controls.			normal	2HU		!exportname The White Rabbits Trick
!tag INREPLACEMEMemento of the Avaricious Beast		rare	Artifact	263	C	1	T: Put an oil counter on this artifact.
2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Until end of turn, target creature you control gains haste and menace and gets +1/+1 for each oil counter on Memento of the Avaricious Beast. Destroy that creature at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEUnshou, the Fisherman	W	common	Legendary Creature — Human 	31	W	W	Flash
Kappa’s Nostrum — When Unshou enters, return to your hand target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEOrange	RG	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	254	RG	1R/G	Reach	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKurumi, Keeper of the Lake	B	common	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	78	B	BB	Flying, lifelink
Whenever a nonbasic land enters the battlefield under an opponent’s control, Kurumi deals 1 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	2HU		2-drop might be too muchREPLACEMEElly, Guardian of Mugenkan	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	128	G	2G	Vigilance
Elly enters tapped with a +1/+1 counter on it for each basic land you control.	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESara, Gatekeeper of Makai	R	common	Legendary Creature — Demon 	114	R	1R	Defender
When Sara dies, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELouise, Visitor from Makai	WG	common	Legendary Creature — Demon 	184	WG	GW	When you cast this spell, each player gains 4 life.
GW, Discard a card: Return Louise to your hand.	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYuki and Mai	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Demon Wizard 	242	UR	4UR	Flying, menace
Whenever Yuki and Mai attacks, tap up to two target creatures and Yuki and Mai deals 3 damage to each of up to two target creatures.
When Yuki and Mai dies, choose one —
• Tap up to four target creatures.
• Yuki and Mai deals 3 damage to each of up to four target creatures	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYumeko, Blade of Makai	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon 	243	WBR	1RWB	Deathtouch
When Yumeko enters, you may search your library for an Equipment artifact or Shinki planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.
T, Sacrifice an Equipment: Yumeko deals 2 damage to any target.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEShinki, Creator Goddess	WBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Shinki 	226	WBR	3RWB	Put a loyalty counter on Shinki, Creator Goddess for each Demon on the battlefield.
Create two 2/2 black Demon creature tokens with menace.
Each player chooses up to two lands they control and sacrifices the rest. Shinki, Creator Goddess deals 6 damage to each opponent and each non-Demon creature.		[+2]: Choose a nonland card in your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card.
[0]: Create two 2/2 black Demon creature tokens with menace.
[-2]: Sacrifice a nonland permanent. Reveal cards from the top of your library until a nonland permanent card is revealed. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.
[-12]: Each player chooses up to three lands they control and sacrifices the rest. Shinki deals 6 damage to each opponent and each non-Demon creature.	planeswalker	2HU	6	REPLACEMEIku Nagae	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fish Youkai 	170	UR	UR	Play with the top card of your library revealed.
Iku has vigilance as long as the top card of your library is white, flying as long as it’s blue, menace as long as it’s black, first strike as long as its red, and trample as long as it’s green.
R: Shuffle your library.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEJoon, Avaricious Pestilence	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — God 	172	BR	BR	Cumulative upkeep B/R (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this creature, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)
Queen of the Bubble — Jo’on gets +1/+1 for each age counter on it.
B/R, Pay 1 life: Put an age counter on Jo’on.	3/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Joon, Avaricious PestilenceREPLACEMEShion, Consuming Poverty	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	86	B	B	Bestow 3BB
Enchanted creature gets -2/-2 and has “Spells you cast cost 1 more to cast.”
As long as Shion is a creature, spells you cast cost 1 more to cast.
Discard two cards: Return Shion to its owner’s hand. Any player may activate this ability.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESuika Ibuki	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Demon Youkai 	228	RG	2RG	4RG: Suika Ibuki gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.
When Suika dies, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to four target creatures.
Remove eight +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Return Suika from the graveyard to the battlefield.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHieda no Akyuu	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	44	U	U	Vanishing 2 (This creature enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.
When Akyuu dies, draw a card for each card named Hieda no Akyuu in your graveyard. (Including this card)	0/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEIbaraki-Douji	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Demon Mystic 	75	WBG	3BB	Whenever a nontoken creature dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token with menace.
GW: Untap target creature an opponent controls. That creature blocks Ibaraki-Douji this turn if able.
(Melds with Kasen, Seeking Herself)	6/5		transform double faced	2HU					WBG						REPLACEMEKasen, Seeking Herself	WBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Kasen 	175	WBG	1WBG			[+2]: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.
[0]: Kasen deals damage equal to her loyalty to target creature an opponent controls. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Kasen.
[0]: If you both own and control Kasen, Seeking Herself and a creature named Ibaraki-Douji, exile them, then meld them into Ibaraki Kasen, Complete.	transform double faced	2HU	4	Ibaraki Kasen, Complete	WBG	Legendary Planeswalker — Kasen 	WBG				
[-1]: Exile target permanent.
[-13]: Target opponent chooses up to one creature they control, then sacrifices all other nonland permanents they control.	8	*Too* easy to meld?REPLACEMELuna Child	W	common	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	19	W	2W	Flying
Dampen sound — When Luna Child enters, opponents can’t cast spells until end of turn.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMaribel Hearn	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human 	49	URG	U	Whenever you scry, you may pay R/G. if R was spent this way, exile the top card of your library and you may play it until your next end step. If G was spent this way, untap target permanent.	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMiyoi Okunoda	U	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai 	51	U	U	Whenever Miyoi Okunoda becomes tapped, target player mills three cards.
T: Target opponent creates a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)	1/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYoumu, Netherworlds Blades	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Spirit Samurai 	240	WG	2GW	When Youmu enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Roukanken — Youmu has first strike as long as it’s attacking.
Hakurouken — Whenever you untap Youmu, exile target card in a graveyard. When you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	2HU		!exportname Youmu, Netherworlds BladesREPLACEMEReisen, the Junior	WR	common	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Soldier 	255	WR	1R/W		3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERenko Usami	U	common	Legendary Creature — Human 	57	U	1U	At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, scry 1.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThis, Too, Is Yuri	G	common	Sorcery	141	G	G	Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. If a legendary creature was chosen this way, put a +1/+1 counter on the creature you control. Then those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMEKnight of Nights	B	uncommon	Instant	77	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste, menace, first strike, and deathtouch.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEKokoro, Noh Embodied	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Youkai Performer 	178	UR	1UR	Whenever Kokoro enters or attacks, create your choice of a Royal Role token, a Monster Role token, or a Sorcerer Role token attached to it. (If you control another role attached to it, put that one into the graveyard.)
Auras attached to Kokoro have umbra armor. (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)	2/2		normal	2HU		!replacetoken RoyalMask;1;MonsterMask;1;SorcererMask;1REPLACEMERinnosuke Morichika	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Youkai 	58	U	2U	Defender
Whenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may scry X, where X is that artifact’s mana value.	1/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESunny Milk	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	120	R	2R	Flying
Manipulate light — When Sunny Milk enters, up to three target creatures can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEStar Sapphire	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	60	U	2U	Flash
Flying
Detect movement — Whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls enter the battlefield or attack, you may exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under your control.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETokiko	U	common	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai 	61	U	U	Flying
Whenever Tokiko is dealt damage, each player may draw a card.	0/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENow, Until Your Final Breath	W	rare	Enchantment	23	W	3WW	When this enchantment enters, exile each noncommander creature you control until this card leaves the battlefield.
Commander creatures you control get +5/+5 and have vigilance, ward 5, and “This creature can block any number of creatures each combat.”			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEJunko, Pure Fury		rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	2	C	12CCC	This spell can’t be countered.
When you cast this spell, creatures your opponents control get -5/-5 until end of turn.
Other creatures you control get +5/+5.	10/10		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEToyohime, Divine Ward	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Moonfolk 	30	W	3WW	Flash
Indestructible
When Toyohime enters, choose any number of permanents you control. Those permanents phase out.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYorihime, Divine Vessel	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Moonfolk 	32	W	2WW	When Yorihime enters, you may search your library for a God creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, and shuffle.
Whenever Yorihime attacks, if you control a God, Yorihime gains double strike and indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHakurei Ancestor	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	162	WR	2RW	Haste
When Hakurei Ancestor enters, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.
2RW: Exile Hakurei Ancestor. At the beginning of the next combat, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHisou Tensoku		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Giant Robot 	260	C	5	Hisou Tensoku enters with five +1/+1 counters on it.
At the beginning of your end step, remove a +1/+1 counter from Hisou Tensoku.
2: Put a +1/+1 counter on Hisou Tensoku.	0/0		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELayla, the Last Prismriver	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human 	183	UB	1UB	1, Sacrifice an artifact, exile a creature card in your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of the exiled card, except it’s a Spirit in addition to its other types. Then sacrifice Layla if you control three or more creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELily Black	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	80	B	BB	Flash
Flying, lifelink	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELord Tenma	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Bird Youkai Noble 	18	WUBR	8WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)
Flying, vigilance
When Lord Tenma enters, create four 1/1 white Bird Youkai creature tokens with flying and vigilance.
UBR: Return Lord Tenma to its owner’s hand, then until end of turn creatures with flying you control get +2/+2 and gain menace and first strike.	7/7		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENuclear Options		mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Robot 	264	C	5	Dream of Eternity — At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player may pay 1 and scry 1. If they don’t, destroy all creatures.
Game Over — At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player may pay 1 and put a +1/+1 counter on Nuclear Options. If they don’t, destroy all creatures.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPriestess of Pseudo Paradise	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	209	WR	RWW	Flying, vigilance
T: Exile target attacking or blocking creature. Return that creature to the battlefield tapped at end of combat.
2W: Priestess of Pseudo Paradise gains hexproof from the color of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Coward Pierrot	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Deserter 	70	B	1B	At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice another creature. When you do, put two +1/+1 counters on The Coward Pierrot.
The Coward Pierrot has menace as long as it has four or more counters on it, first strike as long as it has six or more, and indestructible as long as it has ten or more.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYouki, Konpaku Ancestor	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Samurai 	145	G	2GG	Vigilance
Bushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)
At the beginning of each upkeep, untap target creature you control.	4/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEChoujuu Gigaku	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature — Youkai Rebel Bard 	155	UBR	UBR	Whenever you cast your first spell during each opponent’s turn, goad up to three target creatures that player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPanic Bomb	B	common	Instant	83	B	1B	Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.
Each opponent loses 2 life.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMESpellcard Capture	U	common	Instant	59	U	3UU	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a spell that shares a name with a card in its owner’s graveyard.
Counter target spell.
Draw a card.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEFull Power Up!!	G	common	Instant	131	G	3G	Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature. Then you gain 1 life for each counter on that creature.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGoliath Doll		rare	Artifact Creature — Doll Giant 	259	C	5	At the end of combat on each of your turns, put a charge counter on this creature. Then if there are three or more charge counters on it, sacrifice this creature and it deals 5 damage to each creature and planeswalker.	5/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBloom Nobly, Ink-Black Blossoms	B	rare	Sorcery	66	B	2B	Each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker of their choice. Each opponent who can’t discards a card.
Escape—3BB, Sacrifice a creature. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEUltimate Truth	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	B	Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPhantom Ensemble	W	uncommon	Sorcery	24	W	3W	Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Tritone Concerto — If three or more colors were spent to cast this spell, put a +1/+1 counter on each Spirit you control.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEFerryboat of the Dead		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	258	C	4	When this Vehicle enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.
Whenever this Vehicle attacks, you may exile a Spirit you control. When you do, you gain 2 life and draw a card.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMENemuno Sakata	BR	common	Legendary Creature — Hag 	204	BR	BR	Sanctuary — Nemuno Sakata gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.
Adopt and raise — Whenever a player discards a creature card, create a 1/1 red and black Youkai creature token.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGiga Flare	R	rare	Sorcery	102	R	RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 3 or tap an untapped creature you control with power 5 or greater.
Giga Flare deals 5 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGhost Lead	B	common	Creature — Spirit 	73	B	3B	Flying
When this creature enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERepurposed Rover		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Drone 	269	C	6	Frontline purifier — If a creature dealt damage by Repurposed Rover this turn would die, exile it instead.
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, exile their graveyard.	5/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEInterdimensional Voyage	W	common	Instant	13	W	1W	Exile target creature you control. If it was a Vehicle, exile each creature that crewed it this turn. Then return each creature exiled this way to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Palanquin Ship		rare	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	267	C	4	Flying
Whenever The Palanquin Ship enters or attacks, create two Treasure tokens.
Crew 5	7/7		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDrunk As I Like	G	common	Instant	125	G	1G	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Goad it. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEFires of Hokkai	W	uncommon	Sorcery	9	W	2W	Exile target nonland permanent. For as long as that card remains exiled, its controller may cast it. Spells cast this way cost 4 more to cast.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEShizuha of Fallen Leaves	RG	common	Legendary Creature — God 	227	RG	1RG	Partner with Minoriko of Harvest Fruit (When this creature enters, target player may put Minoriko into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
When Shizuha enters, you may discard a card. When you do, you may return a land card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	2/2		normal	2HU		1RG??REPLACEMEMinoriko of Harvest Fruit	WG	common	Legendary Creature — God 	195	WG	GW	Partner with Shizuha of Falling Leaves (When this creature enters, target player may put Shizuha into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)
When Minoriko enters, you gain 2 life. Then, create a Food token if you control three or more basic lands.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEOptical Camoflague	U	common	Instant	53	U	U	Until end of turn, target creature has hexproof and can’t be blocked.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMature Adult Discussion	U	common	Sorcery	50	U	U	You and target opponent each draw two cards. That player may discard up to two cards. For each card they discard this way, you discard a card.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGet Ahead Of Yourself	R	uncommon	Sorcery	101	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.
Exile the top three cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMECursed Decoy Doll		rare	Artifact Creature — Doll 	257	C	4	Indestructible
Vanishing 2 (This creature enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose this creature if possible.	0/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMELand of Faith and Fantasy	G	uncommon	Enchantment	137	G	2G	When this enchantment enters, you may search your library for a card with a basic land type, reveal it, put it into your hand, and shuffle.
Whenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 black and red Youkai creature token. Then if that land was basic, put a +1/+1 counter on a Youkai you control.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEGensokyo Accepts All	G	common	Sorcery	132	G	G	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. Until end of turn, creatures you control that share a name with the revealed card enter with an additional +1/+1 counter.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBecome Marketable	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	36	U	U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a colorless Doll artifact creature with base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDoll		common	Token Artifact Creature — Doll 	27	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Medicine Melancholy
!related Alice Margatroid<2>
!related Marisa and Alice
!related Hina Kagiyama
!related Ordinary Magicians CharmREPLACEMEExploitable Resources	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	130	G	1G	Enchant land you control
Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional C. If you control three or more basic lands, instead create a Treasure token.			normal	2HU		!tag UMREPLACEMEMomoyo, Onyx Dragon-Eater	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Insect Youkai 	138	BRG	2GG	Vigilance, trample, reach
4BRG: Monstrosity 5. (If this creature isn’t monstrous, put five +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)
Princess Who Slays Dragon Kings — When Momoyo becomes monstrous, each opponent sacrifices a creature with the highest power among creatures they control. Create four Treasure tokens.	5/5		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Grounds Color is Yellow	R	rare	Enchantment	103	R	1RR	Each player must attack each combat if able.
Weather pattern shifting! — Whenever a player attacks with each creature they control, exile the top card of your library. That player exiles the top card of their library. Players may play cards they exiled this way until their next end step.			normal	2HU		!exportname The Grounds Color is YellowREPLACEMEVine of Wisteria	G	common	Instant	143	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If it was attached to a creature, untap up to two lands.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEYuuka, Sleeping Terror	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Plant Youkai 	248	BG	4BG	Ward—Discard a card
Slaughter is a game — Whenever Yuuka becomes blocked, defending player sacrifices a creature blocking it.
Land of Blood — Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent’s graveyard from anywhere, return a creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand. This ability triggers only once each turn.	6/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPersuasion Needle		common	Artifact — Equipment 	268	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
As long as equipped creature is attacking, it has first strike.
Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a Youkai, exile it.
Equip 2			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBattle Bond	R	uncommon	Enchantment	92	R	2RR	Whenever you attack with exactly two creatures, those creatures get +2/+0 and gain menace until end of turn.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHoming Option		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	261	C	3	Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and must be blocked if able.
Equip 3			normal	2HU		REPLACEMELets Live in a Lovely Cemetery	B	rare	Sorcery	79	B	3BB	Destroy all non-Spirit non-Zombie creatures.			normal	2HU		!exportname Lets Live in a Lovely CemeteryREPLACEMEAerodynamic Blades		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	256	C	4	When you cast this spell, copy it twice.
Equipped creature gets +1/+0.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may sacrifice this Equipment. When you do, that creature deals 1 damage to any target.
Equip 1			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEAlice of Wonderland	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Wizard Child 	146	UB	2UB	Plastic Mind — When Alice of Wonderland enters, search your library and/or graveyard for a noncreature artifact, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle.
The Locked Grimoire — At the beginning of combat on your turn, until your next turn, up to one target artifact you control becomes a 5/5 Doll creature in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThrowing Mt. Togakushi	R	common	Instant	121	R	2R	Throwing Mt. Togakushi deals damage to target creature equal to the number of lands you control, then it deals 3 damage to that creature’s controller if you control three or more basic lands.			normal	2HU		Maybe make the basic reward a threshold instead of a scalarREPLACEMEHakurei Shrine Grounds		rare	Land	271	WR		T, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.
T, Sacrifice Hakurei Shrine Grounds: Search your library for a basic Mountain or Plains, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMyouren Temple Road		rare	Land	278	WU		T, Pay 1 life: Add W or U.
T, Sacrifice Myouren Temple Road: Search your library for a basic Plains or Island, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag UFOREPLACEMEKaian Passageway		rare	Land	274	UB		T, Pay 1 life: Add U or B.
T, Sacrifice Kaian Passageway: Search your library for a basic Island or Swamp, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag LoLKREPLACEMEHellfire Mantle		rare	Land	272	BR		T, Pay 1 life: Add B or R.
T, Sacrifice Hellfire Mantle: Search your library for a basic Swamp or Mountain, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag SAREPLACEMEYoukai Mountain Ravine		rare	Land	281	RG		T, Pay 1 life: Add R or G.
T, Sacrifice Youkai Mountain Ravine: Search your library for a basic Mountain or Forest, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag MoFREPLACEMEHuman Village Streets		rare	Land	273	WG		T, Pay 1 life: Add G or W.
T, Sacrifice Human Village Streets: Search your library for a basic Forest or Plains, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMELunar Capitol Thoroughfare		rare	Land	275	WB		T, Pay 1 life: Add W or B.
T, Sacrifice Lunar Capitol Thoroughfare: Search your library for a basic Plains or Swamp, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMENameless Hill		rare	Land	279	BG		T, Pay 1 life: Add B or G.
T, Sacrifice Nameless Hill: Search your library for a basic Swamp or Forest, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag PoFVREPLACEMEMoreya Shrine Path		rare	Land	277	UG		T, Pay 1 life: Add G or U.
T, Sacrifice Moreya Shrine Path: Search your library for a basic Forest or Island, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag MoFREPLACEMEMisty Lake Shores		rare	Land	276	UR		T, Pay 1 life: Add U or R.
T, Sacrifice Misty Lake Shores: Search your library for a basic Island or Mountain, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEUnzan token	WU	common	Legendary Token Creature — Elemental 	20	C		Flying, double strike, indestructible, vigilance	4/4		token	2HU		!exportname Unzan token
!related Ichirin KumoiREPLACEMEHelpful Bunnies	W	common	Creature — Rabbit 	11	W	3W	When this creature enters, tap up to one target creature.
Whenever this creature becomes tapped, create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)	3/3		normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMEFood		common	Token Artifact — Food 	28	C		3, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	2HU		!related Tewi, White Rabbit of Inaba
!related Helpful Bunnies
!related Minoriko of Harvest Fruit
!related Miyoi OkunodaREPLACEMERabbit	W	common	Token Creature — Rabbit 	6	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Tewi, White Rabbit of InabaREPLACEMEThe Jailbreak King	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Rogue 	171	UB	3UB	Flying
Haunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)
As long as The Jailbreak King is in exile haunting a creature, you control that creature.
4UB: If The Jailbreak King is in exile haunting a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. (That creature is no longer haunted)   	3/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMETsuchinoko	G	common	Creature — Snake 	142	G	1G	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice a noncreature permanent. When you do, search your library for a basic land and put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEEnigmatic Vestige	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Kirin Spirit 	159	RG	2RG	Vigilance, reach, haste
Wind Sign — When Enigmatic Vestige enters, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If you do, add RG.
Flower Sign — Other creatures you control enter with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	2/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEOrdinary Magicians Charm	UR	common	Instant	207	UR	UR	Choose one —
• Create a Treasure token.
• Create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.
• Gain control of target noncreature artifact with mana value 3 or less.			normal	2HU		!exportname Ordinary Magicians CharmREPLACEMENecrofantasia	URG	mythic	Sorcery	203	URG	1GUR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your hand or graveyard.
Create a token that’s a copy of the exiled card, except it’s an Illusion in addition to its other types. When that token leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to your hand.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBattlefield of Hanazama	WBG	mythic	Sorcery	149	WBG	4WBG	Each player returns each creature from their graveyard to the battlefield. Creatures you control get +3/+3 and have haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEHidden Star in All Seasons	UBG	mythic	Sorcery	165	UBG	3BGU	Gain control of target permanent. Untap all permanents you control.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMarisa of Scarlet Dreams	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	192	BR	2BR	Flying
Himorogi, Burn in Violet — Once during each of your turns, you may cast an instant or sorcery from your graveyard by paying life equal to twice its mana value instead of paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	4/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEReimu of Eastern Winds	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	212	WG	2GW	Vigilance
A Sacred Lot — When Reimu enters, create a 1/1 colorless Orb artifact creature token.
T: Target creature token gets +2/+2 and has trample and indestructible until end of turn.	2/3		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBeloved Tomboyish Girl	UR	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	150	UR	UR	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets haste, first strike, and “Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, draw a card.”			normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	30	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	2HU		!related Exploitable Resources
!related Hisami, Hells Invitation<2>
!related Nazrin, Treasure Tracker
!related Mike Goutokuji
!related Iizunamaru, Daitengu
!related Momoyo, Onyx Dragon-Eater<4>
!related Sannyo Komakusa
!related Sannyo Komakusa<2>
!related Takane Yamashiro
!related Kitten of Great FortuneREPLACEMESkeleton	B	common	Token Creature — Skeleton 	13	C		Menace	1/1		token	2HU		!related Ibaraki-Douji
!related Ibaraki Kasen, Complete<2>REPLACEMEDemon	B	common	Token Creature — Demon 	10	C		Menace	2/2		token	2HU		!related Shinki, Creator Goddess<2>REPLACEMEYoukai (Banki)	BR	common	Token Creature — Youkai 	24	C			1/1		token	2HU		!exportname Youkai (Banki)
!related Sekibanki
!related Sekibanki<X>REPLACEMEVampire Noble	BR	common	Token Creature — Vampire Noble 	21	C		Flying, annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)	2/2		token	2HU		!related Flandre Scarlet<3>REPLACEMENightstalker	B	common	Token Creature — Nightstalker 	12	C			2/2		token	2HU		!related Apparitions Stalk the NightREPLACEMEBird Youkai	W	common	Token Creature — Bird Youkai 	5	C		Flying, vigilance	1/1		token	2HU		!related Lord Tenma<4>REPLACEMEBat	BR	common	Token Creature — Bat 	17	C		Flying
Sacrifice this creature: Return a card named Elis, Innocence Devil from exile to the battlefield	1/1		token	2HU		!related Elis, Innocence Devil
!tokentag ElisBatREPLACEMESpirit	W	common	Token Creature — Spirit 	8	C		Flying	1/1		token	2HU		!related Kikuri, Hellish Moon<2>
!related Youmu, Netherworlds Blades
!related Yuyuko, Mistress of Death<X>
!related Border of Life<2>
!related Phantom Ensemble<3>
!related Ultimate Truth
!related Komachi, Ferrywoman
!related Ferryboat of the Dead
!related Rin Kaenbyou
!related Ghost LeadREPLACEMEOrb		common	Token Artifact Creature — Orb 	29	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Reimu of Eastern Winds
!related Maidens Capriccio<2>REPLACEMEEye	WR	common	Token Creature — Eye 	18	C		Flying, defender	1/1		token	2HU		!related YuugenMagan<5>REPLACEMEManifest		common	Creature	1	C		You can cover a face-down manifested creature with this reminder card.
A manifested creature card can be turned face up any time for its mana cost. A face-down card can also be turned face up for its morph cost.	2/2		token	2HU		!related Narumi, Life Giver
!tokentag LivingBulletREPLACEMEInsect	G	common	Token Creature — Insect 	16	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Wriggle Nightbug<2>REPLACEMEWizard	UR	common	Token Creature — Wizard 	22	C		Prowess	1/1		token	2HU		!related Love-Colored Magic<2>REPLACEMEHuman Monk	WR	common	Token Creature — Human Monk 	19	C			2/2		token	2HU		!related Maidens CapriccioREPLACEMEMishaguji	B	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Curse 	11	C		Enchant player
At the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted player loses 1 life.			token	2HU		!related Suwako, Native GodREPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	7	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Iwakasa, Bearer of the Elixir<2>REPLACEMEBird	U	common	Token Creature — Bird 	9	C		Flying
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/2		token	2HU		!related Zenki and GokiREPLACEMERoyal Role		common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	3	C		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 1.			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh Embodied
!tokentag RoyalMaskREPLACEMEMonster Role		common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	2	C		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh Embodied
!tokentag MonsterMaskREPLACEMESorcerer Role		common	Token Enchantment — Aura Role 	4	C		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature attacks, scry 1.”			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh Embodied
!tokentag SorcererMaskREPLACEMEBlood		common	Token Artifact — Blood 	25	C		1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	2HU		!related Toutetsu, the Avaricious Beast<X>REPLACEMEDog	G	common	Token Creature — Dog 	15	C		When this creature enters, you may have it become a copy of target creature, except it’s 1/1.	1/1		token	2HU		!related Mamizou, Tanuki Boss<2>
!tokentag TanukiREPLACEMEClue		common	Token Artifact — Clue 	26	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	2HU		!related Nazrin, Treasure Tracker
!related Cheating Detective Satori<X>REPLACEMEWolf Spirit	R	common	Token Creature — Wolf Spirit 	14	C		This creature must attack each combat if able.	3/1		token	2HU		!related Saki Kurokoma<2>REPLACEMEYoukai	BR	common	Token Creature — Youkai 	23	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Kosuzu, Curious Youth<3>
!related Land of Faith and Fantasy
!related Nemuno Sakata
!related Mike GoutokujiREPLACEMEError-Prone Maid	U	common	Creature — Faerie 	41	U	1U	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, you may sacrifice an artifact. When you do, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand.	1/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEProbability Collapse	B	rare	Enchantment	84	B	1BB	Flash
Whenever an opponent draws a card other than the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, that player discards a card.			normal	2HU		!tag PoDDREPLACEMECheating Detective Satori	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Youkai Detective 	153	UB	UB	Menace
Mind Reader — When Satori enters, for each opponent, that player reveals their hand and you investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
2, T, Sacrifice a Clue: Exile target card from an opponent’s graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card and mana of any type may be spent to cast it.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERowdy Drunkard	R	common	Creature — Human Citizen 	113	R	R	This creature has haste as long as you control an artifact token.
Whenever you sacrifice an artifact token, this creature gains menace until end of turn.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMESumireko Usami	WUR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Sumireko 	230	WUR	1URW	Scry 4
Target artifact deals damage equal to its converted mana cost to target creature.
Tap up to ten target permanents. Each tapped permanent your opponents control deals 1 damage to its controller.    		[+1]: Surveil 2, then draw a card.
[-2]: Target artifact deals damage equal to its mana value to target creature.
[-7]: Exile up to three target instant, sorcery, artifact, or enchantment cards from your graveyard. Copy them. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	planeswalker	2HU	4	REPLACEMEOkina, the Hidden God	UBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Okina 	206	UBG	3BGU	Draw a card, add one mana of any color, and lose 1 life.
Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.
Sacrifice a creature, then gain control of target creature and put four +1/+1 counters on it.		[+2]: Draw a card, add one mana of any color, and lose 1 life.
[-1]: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.
[-5]: Sacrifice a creature, then gain control of target creature and put four +1/+1 counters on it.	planeswalker	2HU	6	REPLACEMEPlayer 2	U	rare	Creature — Avatar 	55	U	2U	As you cast this spell, choose a color.
You may have this creature enter as a copy of a creature you control, except its name is still Player 2 and it’s the chosen color.	0/0		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEChen, Servitor's Lackey	R	common	Legendary Creature — Cat Youkai 	94	URG	2R	Haste
Menace
Whenever Chen deals combat damage to a player, you may pay G/UG/U. When you do, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a Youkai creature or Yukari planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMERan, Sage's Servitor	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Youkai 	56	URG	2UU	Planeswalkers you control have “+2: Draw a card.”
RG: Add CCC. Until end of turn, you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast planeswalker spells. Planeswalker spells you cast this turn can’t be countered. Activate only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	286	C					normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	285	C					normal	2HU		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	284	C					normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	282	C					normal	2HU		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	283	C					normal	2HU		REPLACEMENue, Heian Alien	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature — Youkai Shapeshifter 	205	UB	1UB	Whenever Nue enters or is turned face up, manifest dread. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into your graveyard. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)
When Nue dies, you may pay 3 life. When you do, manifest it, then shuffle your face-down cards.	2/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEBlood Drive	R	common	Instant	93	R	R	Create a Blood token and a Treasure token. Blood Drive deals 1 damage to you. (A Blood token an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.” A Treasure token is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEAgatha ChrisQ	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	33	U	U	When Agatha Chris”Q” enters, investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)
U, Sacrifice Agatha Chris”Q”: Scry 2.	1/2		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEChiyuri, Sailor of Time	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	69	B	2BB	When Chiyuri enters, choose one —
• Destroy target creature an opponent controls.
• Target opponent chooses a creature they control. Gain control of that creature.	3/1		normal	2HU		!tag PoDDREPLACEMESakuya, Scarlet Guardian	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human 	219	UB	1UB	Flash
Split second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can’t cast spells or activate abilities that aren’t mana abilities.)
When you cast this spell, until end of turn, spells and abilities you control have split second.
When Sakuya enters, you may return a creature you control to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag EoSDREPLACEMEMoonlit Pursuit	R	common	Instant	108	R	R	Up to two target creatures each get +1/+0 and gain haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	2HU		!tag INREPLACEMELunar Reinforcements	W	common	Sorcery	20	W	1W	Kicker—Sacrifice a token (You may sacrifice a token in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)
Create two 1/1 white Rabbit creature tokens. If this spell was kicked, create four instead.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEThe Fortune-Teller	B	common	Legendary Creature — Youkai Advisor 	72	B	1B	Menace
Emerge 2B (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)
When you cast The Fortune-Teller, if its emerge cost was paid, draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	2/1		normal	2HU		REPLACEMEMaiden's Bunraku		common	Sorcery	4	C	3	Create two 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature tokens.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPristine Lunacy		common	Instant	5	C	1C	Target player chooses and exiles a nonland permanent they control.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEPurified		rare	Enchantment — Aura 	6	C	3C	Enchant permanent
Enchanted permanent loses all colors, types, and abilities.			normal	2HU		REPLACEMESea of Petroleum		rare	Land	280	C		This land enters tapped with two oil counters on it.
T: Add C.
Memory of Fossil Energy — T, Remove an oil counter from this land: Add one mana of any color.
Memento of All Organisms — 1, T, Remove an oil counter from this land: Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	2HU		REPLACEMEDevil's Recitation	R	common	Instant	96	R	R	Devil’s Recitation deals 2 damage to any target. It deals 3 damage instead if you’ve sacrificed an artifact token this turn.			normal	2HU		!tag MSREPLACEMEYuugi, Old Hell's Might	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Demon 	246	BR	3BR	Indestructible
Yuugi can’t block.
Knockout in Three Steps — Whenever Yuugi attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. When you do, untap target creature and it blocks Yuugi this turn if able.	6/6		normal	2HU		REPLACEME