Graze	W	common	Instant	10	W	W	Prevent the next 3 damage that would be dealt to target creature or planeswalker this turn.NEWLINEScry 2.			normal	2HU		\nReimu Hakurei	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Monk 	211	WR	2RW	Flying, vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINEFantasy Seal – 2RW, T: Reimu deals 2 damage divided as you choose among one or two target creatures.	3/3		normal	2HU		!tag IN\nMarisa Kirisame	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	191	UR	2UR	Flying, haste, prowessNEWLINEBlazing Star – You may cast sorcery and enchantment spells as though they had flash.	4/3		normal	2HU		!tag IN\nFantasy Nature	W	mythic	Legendary Enchantment – Aura 	8	W	1W	Enchant legendary creature or planeswalkerNEWLINEVanishing 1 (This permanent enters with a time counter on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEEnchanted permanent has protection from everything. This effect doesn’t remove Fantasy Nature.NEWLINELast Word – As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may discard two cards. If you do, it enters with two additional time counters on it.			normal	2HU		\nSanae, Living God	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human God 	220	UG	XXGGUU	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINEBumper Crop – When Sanae enters, you may shuffle your hand into your library, then exile the top X cards of your library. You may cast a card exiled this way without paying its mana cost. Put the rest into your hand.NEWLINEMiracle X1GU (You may cast this card for its miracle cost when you draw it if it’s the first card you drew this turn.)	4/4		normal	2HU		\nReisen, Lunatic Moon Rabbit	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Youkai 	213	BR	BR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard two cards.NEWLINEMenaceNEWLINELunatic Red Eyes – As long as you have no cards in hand, nonland cards in your opponent’s hands have “As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.”	4/3		normal	2HU		\nEirin, Sage of Hourai	WUG	rare	Legendary Creature – Moonfolk Doctor 	157	WUG	1GWU	Sin of Immortality – Whenever Eirin enters or attacks, put an elixir counter on up to one other target creature. For as long as it has an elixir counter on it, it has “If this permanent would leave the battlefield, instead exile it, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.”	4/4		normal	2HU		\nKaguya, Lunatic Princess	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Moonfolk Noble 	45	U	1UU	FlashNEWLINEPreserve in time – When Kaguya enters, target permanent or player gains hexproof until end of turn.NEWLINEReturn to the moon – When Kaguya leaves the battlefield, return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nMokou, Immortal Smoke	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human 	107	R	2RR	You may cast Mokou, Immortal Smoke from your graveyard.NEWLINEHasteNEWLINEInextinguishable – Sacrifice Mokou: It deals 2 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	2HU		"just add a life cost to the graveyard cast" -RickyRister\nGod Forbid Women Do Anything	U	uncommon	Instant	42	U	1U	Choose one or more –NEWLINE• Counter target legendary creature spell.NEWLINE• Counter target activated or triggered ability of a legendary creature.NEWLINE• Target legendary creature loses all abilities until end of turn.			normal	2HU		\nCirno, the Unnatural Chill	UR	common	Legendary Snow Creature – Faerie 	156	UR	1UR	FlyingNEWLINEPerfect Freeze – Whenever a source you control deals damage to a creature an opponent controls, put that many stun counters on it.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nDaiyousei	UG	common	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	250	UG	G/U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen Daiyousei enters, you may untap target creature.	0/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nHong Meiling	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	167	RG	RG	T: Add R or G.NEWLINECreatures blocking or blocked by Hong Meiling have first strike.	4/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nKoakuma	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Devil 	251	BR	1B/R	Whenever Koakuma enters, attacks, or dies, it deals 1 damage to target player.	1/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nPatchouli, Archivist Recluse	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wizard 	54	U	1UU	Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.NEWLINEEach spell you cast costs 1 more to cast for each other spell you’ve cast before it this turn.	1/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nRemilia, Fate's Mistress	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Vampire Noble 	214	BR	4BR	FlyingNEWLINEScarlet Destiny – When Remilia enters, gain control of target creature an opponent controls.	5/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nRumia, Apparition of Night	B	common	Legendary Creature – Shade Youkai 	85	B	B	B: Rumia gets +1/+1 and gains shadow until end of turn. Activate only once. (This creature can block or be blocked by only creatures with shadow.)	2/1		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nFlandre Scarlet	BR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Vampire Noble 	160	BR	4BBRR	FlyingNEWLINEAnnihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)NEWLINEFour of a Kind – When Flandre enters, create three 2/2 black and red Vampire Noble creature tokens with flying and annihilator 1.	6/6		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nApparitions Stalk the Night	B	uncommon	Sorcery	64	B	1BB	Target opponent sacrifices a creature of their choice.NEWLINECreate a 2/2 black Nightstalker creature token.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nSon Biten	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Monkey Youkai 	139	G	1GG	VigilanceNEWLINEMonkey Strike – 4G, T: Son Biten fights target creature you don’t control. If that creature would die this turn, exile it instead. Activate only as a sorcery.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nEnoko Mitsugashira	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wolf Zombie 	98	R	3R	First strikeNEWLINECerberus Fire – Whenever a creature dealt damage by Enoko Mitsugashira this turn dies, Enoko deals 2 damage to target opponent.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nChiyari Tenkajin	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Beast Youkai 	68	B	2B	MenaceNEWLINECursed Blood – At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on Chiyari Tenkajin, then you gain 1 life and each opponent loses 1 life.	2/3		normal	2HU		\nZanmu, the Unobstructed Light	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Demon Monk 	91	B	1B	Ward–Pay half your life, rounded down.NEWLINEAccounted For – When Zanmu enters, until end of turn, all permanents and players lose protection and can’t have or gain protection.NEWLINEManipulate Void – Whenever a player casts a spell without paying its mana cost, that player discards a card, then you draw a card.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nHisami, Hells Invitation	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Hag 	74	B	1BB	When Hisami enters, you may exile target creature. When you do, that creature’s controller creates two Treasure tokens.	2/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Hisami, Hells Invitation\nAlice Margatroid	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wizard Artificer 	34	U	1UU	Dolls you control get +1/+1.NEWLINEShanghai and Hourai – 4, T: Create two 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature tokens.NEWLINEArtful Sacrifice –  1, Sacrifice a Doll: Exile Alice Margatroid, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2/3		normal	2HU		\nLetty Whiterock	U	common	Legendary Snow Creature – Spirit 	48	U	1UU	Whenever a creature attacks you or a planeswalker you control, that creature gets -1/-0 until end of turn.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, tap target creature an opponent controls.	1/3		normal	2HU		\nLily White	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	17	W	WW	FlashNEWLINEFlying, lifelink	2/2		normal	2HU		\nThe Prismriver Sisters	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Spirit 	25	WUR	2W	FlyingNEWLINEWhen The Prismriver Sisters enters:NEWLINE• Melancholy Violin – If U was spent to cast it, put a stun counter on each of up to three target creatures.NEWLINE• Exuberant Trumpet – If R was spent to cast it, goad up to three target creatures.NEWLINE(Do both if UR was spent)	3/3		normal	2HU		\nYukari Yakumo	URG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Yukari 	241	URG	2GUUR	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINEExile the top three cards of your library, then choose one. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.NEWLINEChoose any number of creature cards you own from outside the game and put them onto the battlefield.		[+2]: Until your next turn, target nonland permanent phases out.NEWLINE[-3]: Exile the top three cards of your library, then choose one. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.NEWLINE[-10]: Choose any number of creature cards you own from outside the game and put them onto the battlefield.	planeswalker	2HU	5	\nYuyuko, Mistress of Death	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit Noble 	90	B	4BB	Menace, deathtouchNEWLINEWhen Yuyuko enters, destroy target creature. Then, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying for each creature in target player’s graveyard.	3/5		normal	2HU		\nYatsuhashi and Benben	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Youkai Rebel Bard 	239	UR	1UR	Vanishing 3 (This creature enters with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEMagical Storm – Whenever a time counter is removed from Yatsuhashi and Benben, exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.NEWLINEIllusory Recital – Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you may add or remove a time counter from Yatsuhashi and Benben.	2/4		normal	2HU		\nCharming Domination	U	rare	Enchantment – Aura 	37	U	3UU	Enchant creatureNEWLINEYou control enchanted creature.NEWLINE1: Enchanted creature becomes a copy of another target creature you control until end of turn.			normal	2HU		\nLullaby of a Deserted Hell	BR	uncommon	Enchantment	186	BR	1BR	Whenever this enchantment enters the battlefield or is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, exile target player’s graveyard. Until end of turn, you may play a card exiled this way.NEWLINE1, Sacrifice this enchantment: Add one mana of any color.			normal	2HU		\nMamizou, Tanuki Boss	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Dog Youkai 	189	UG	GGUU	TrampleNEWLINEWhen Mamizou enters, choose one –NEWLINE• From Sado – Mamizou becomes a copy of target creature, except it’s 4/4 and has trample.NEWLINE• From Gensokyo – Create two 1/1 green Dog creature tokens with “When this creature enters, you may have it become a copy of target creature, except it’s 1/1.”	4/4		normal	2HU		!addtoken Tanuki;2\nToutetsu, the Avaricious Beast	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Goat Spirit 	87	UB	5B	TrampleNEWLINEDevour 3NEWLINEWhen Toutetsu enters, create a Blood token for each creature it devoured.NEWLINEB, Sacrifice a Blood token: Toutetsu gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.NEWLINEU, Sacrifice a Blood token: Draw a card.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nGouyoku Agent, Eagle	U	common	Enchantment Creature – Bird Spirit 	43	U	1U	Bestow 3U (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)NEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEThis creature can only block creatures with flying.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +2/+1, has flying, and can only block creatures with flying.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nMaster Spark	R	mythic	Legendary Sorcery	106	R	XR	(You may cast a legendary sorcery only if you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.)NEWLINEMaster Spark deals X damage to any target.NEWLINELast Word – As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may discard two cards. If you do, it deals X plus 5 damage to that target instead, and the damage can’t be prevented.			normal	2HU		Notes say X+5 too muchNEWLINE- board wipe stuff maybe?NEWLINE- targets nonplayers but tramples?NEWLINE- Ooh, X damage to target, 2 damage to each other target?\nIdolatrize World	W	rare	Enchantment	12	W	3WWW	When this enchantment enters, exile all creatures you control. For each creature exiled this way, create a token copy of it except it’s a white artifact in addition to its other colors and types and has “When this creature dies, return a creature with the same name from exile to the battlefield under your control.”NEWLINEArtifact creatures you control get +2/+2.			normal	2HU		\nBorder of Life	B	uncommon	Instant	67	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control and create two tapped 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.”			normal	2HU		\nVenerable Ancient Battlefield	UBG	rare	Enchantment	235	UBG	1BGU	The first time you would draw a card each turn, instead scry 2, then draw a card.NEWLINEThe first time you tap a land for mana each turn, add GG.NEWLINEThe first time a creature you control dies each turn, each opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.			normal	2HU		\nThe Gensokyo the Gods Loved	G	uncommon	Sorcery	133	G	GG	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEYou may play an additional land this turn.			normal	2HU		\nLunatic Harlequin, Clownpiece	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Faerie Clown 	187	BR	2BR	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Clownpiece enters, each player discards their hand and draws two cards.NEWLINEWhenever a player discards a card, they lose 1 life.	3/1		normal	2HU		\nGoddesses of Autumn	G	common	Legendary Creature – God 	134	WRG	1G	Forests you control have “T: Add R.”NEWLINEMountains you control have “T: Add W.”NEWLINEPlains you control have “T: Add G.”	2/2		normal	2HU		\nAya Shameimaru	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai 	147	UR	1UR	FlashNEWLINEFlying, hasteNEWLINECandid Shot – When Aya Shameimaru enters, look at target player’s hand and choose a card in it. That player reveals that card, and Aya deals damage to them equal to its mana value.NEWLINE3UR: Return Aya to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nRomantic Fall	RG	common	Sorcery	216	RG	1RG	Search your library for up to three basic lands and exile them. You may put one of them onto the battlefield tapped. Until the end of your next turn, you may play the others.			normal	2HU		\nAutumnal Waterfall	U	common	Instant	35	U	1U	Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.NEWLINELandfall – If a land entered the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			normal	2HU		\nYamame Kurodani	BG	common	Legendary Creature – Spider Youkai 	238	BG	1BG	ReachNEWLINEInfect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)NEWLINEUnexplained Fever – Whenever a creature dies, if it had a -1/-1 counter on it, proliferate. This ability triggers only once each turn. (To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/5		normal	2HU		\nRaiko Horikawa	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Youkai Rebel Bard 	109	R	2RR	Flying, double strikeNEWLINEPristine Beat – Whenever Raiko deals combat damage to a player, it deals that much damage to each creature they control.	1/3		normal	2HU		\nWicked Hermit, Seiga Kaku	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Mystic 	236	UB	4UB	Corpse Tongji – When Seiga enters, put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control with a -1/-1 counter on it.NEWLINEWall-Phasing Chisel – Creatures you control with -1/-1 counters on them can’t be blocked.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nMaidens Capriccio	WR	uncommon	Sorcery	188	WR	2RW	Create a 2/2 red and white Human Monk creature token and two 1/1 colorless Orb artifact creature tokens.NEWLINECreatures you control gain flying and haste until end of turn.			normal	2HU		!exportname Maidens Capriccio\nLove-Colored Magic	UR	uncommon	Sorcery	185	UR	2UR	Create two 1/1 red and blue Wizard creature tokens with haste and prowess.NEWLINEYou may cast an instant or sorcery with mana value 3 or less without paying its mana cost.			normal	2HU		\nExtend Ash	R	rare	Sorcery	99	R	2R	Create a token copy of target creature in your graveyard, except it has haste and is a Phoenix in addition to its other types. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	2HU		\nCurtain Fire	R	common	Sorcery	95	R	3RR	Curtain Fire deals 5 damage divided as you choose among any number of nonplayer targets.			normal	2HU		\nZenki and Goki	U	common	Legendary Creature – Bird Scout 	63	U	2UU	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Zenki and Goki deals combat damage to a player, look at the top three cards of your library, then put them back in any order. Then draw a card.NEWLINEWhen Zenki and Goki dies, create a 1/2 blue Bird creature token with flying and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	2/4		normal	2HU		\nHecatia Lapislazuli	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature – God 	164	UBR	1UBR	MenaceNEWLINETrinitarian Rhapsody – At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may reveal your hand. If you do, and you own a card named Hecatia Lapislazuli in your hand and in your graveyard, Hecatia deals 6 damage to each opponent and gets +6/+6 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nCosmic Mind	U	uncommon	Sorcery	38	U	1UU	Draw three cards, then discard a card unless you control a legendary creature or planeswalker.			normal	2HU		\nCinderella Cage	W	uncommon	Enchantment	7	W	2W	FlashNEWLINEWhen this enchantment enters, target nonland permanent phases out until this enchantment leaves the battlefield. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist.)NEWLINEW, Sacrifice this enchantment: You gain 2 life.			normal	2HU		\nReverse Ideology	R	rare	Sorcery	110	R	3RR	Switch each creature’s power and toughness until your next turn.NEWLINEGoad each creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	2HU		\nExtra Healthbar		common	Enchantment – Aura 	1	C	3	Enchant creatureNEWLINEUmbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)NEWLINEEnchanted creature has “Whenever an aura attached to this creature goes to the graveyard from the battlefield, untap this and put a +1/+1 counter on it.”			normal	2HU		\nWriggle Nightbug	G	common	Legendary Creature – Insect Youkai 	144	G	2GG	FlashNEWLINEWhen Wriggle Nightbug enters, create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nMystia Lorelei	UB	common	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai 	199	UB	1UB	Flying, menaceNEWLINESong of the Night Sparrow – T: Untap target attacking creature. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to and dealt by that creature this turn.	1/3		normal	2HU		\nKeine Kamishirasawa	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Advisor 	176	UG	1GU	At the beginning of each upkeep, if no spells were cast last turn, transform Keine.NEWLINE1, Exile a card from your graveyard: Scry 1.	2/2		transform double faced	2HU		Keine, Were-Hakutaku	UG	Legendary Creature – Human Youkai 	UG		TrampleNEWLINEWhenever Keine transforms into Keine, Were-Hakutaku, put the bottom three cards of your library into your graveyard. You may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, if a player cast two or more spells last turn, transform Keine.	4/4			\nTewi, White Rabbit of Inaba	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Youkai 	29	WBR	2W	First, for Lord Daikoku – When Tewi enters, create a Food token.NEWLINESecond, for his 180 children – Whenever you sacrifice an artifact token, create a 1/1 white Rabbit creature token.NEWLINEWe’ll keep pounding mochi! – B/RB/R, Sacrifice a Food: Tewi deals 3 damage to target creature.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nMedicine Melancholy	B	uncommon	Legendary Artifact Creature – Doll 	81	B	2B	DeathtouchNEWLINEToxic X, where X is the number of Dolls you control. (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get X poison counters.)NEWLINEWhen Medicine Melancholy enters, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nYuuka Kazami	BG	rare	Legendary Creature – Plant Youkai 	247	BG	1BG	DefenderNEWLINEYuuka may block an additional creature each combat.NEWLINELovely Spark – XBBGG: Destroy target nonland permanent with mana value X. Activate only once.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nKomachi, Ferrywoman	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit 	179	WUB	WUB	First strikeNEWLINEOther nontoken creatures have afterlife 1. (Whenever those creatures die, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)NEWLINEYou have protection from spirits. (You can’t be targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything spirit.)	2/5		normal	2HU		\nShikieiki, Judge of Paradise	WB	mythic	Legendary Creature – Golem Avatar 	225	WB	2WB	Defender, deathtouchNEWLINEWhenever a creature you control dies, you gain life equal to that creature’s toughness.NEWLINEWhenever a creature an opponent controls dies, that player loses life equal to that creature’s power.	1/5		normal	2HU		\nJudgement	WB	rare	Instant	173	WB	1WB	Choose one –NEWLINE• Exile target creature.NEWLINE• Exile target planeswalker.NEWLINE• Exile target player’s graveyard.			normal	2HU		!tag PoFV\nKosuzu, Curious Youth	R	common	Legendary Creature – Human 	104	BR	R	When this spell is cast from exile, it enters with two additional +1/+1 counters and a menace counter on it. It’s a black Deserter in addition to its other colors and types.	1/2		adventure	2HU		Night Parade	B	Sorcery – Adventure 	BR	2BB	Create three 1/1 black and red Youkai creature tokens. Each player loses 2 life. (Then exile this card. You may cast this creature later from exile.)				\nMarisa and Alice	UR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	190	UR	4UR	Flying, prowessNEWLINEWhenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.NEWLINEWhenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player’s library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nDeaf to All but the Song	U	uncommon	Instant	39	UB	U	Kicker 1B  (You may pay an additional 1B as you cast this spell.)NEWLINETarget creature phases out. If this spell was kicked, destroy it instead. (To phase out, treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)			normal	2HU		\nOre from the Age of the Gods		rare	Artifact – Treasure 	265	C	2	When this artifact enters, exile target creature card from a graveyard.NEWLINEIzanagi Object – This artifact has the activated abilities of each card exiled with it.NEWLINET, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			normal	2HU		\nKitten of Great Fortune		common	Artifact	262	C	3	1, T, Sacrifice this artifact: The next time target creature would deal damage this turn, prevent that damage. Create a Treasure token.			normal	2HU		\nReimu and Yukari	WUR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Youkai Cleric 	210	WUR	3URW	Flying, vigilance, menaceNEWLINEWhenever Reimu and Yukari attacks, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature with power less than Reimu and Yukari’s. Put it on the battlefield tapped and attacking, then put the rest of the cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in a random order.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nHina Kagiyama	WG	common	Legendary Creature – God 	166	WG	2GW	Hinamatsuri – When Hina Kagiyama enters and at the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.NEWLINENagashi-bina – Whenever one or more Dolls you control attack, put a shield counter on up to one other target non-Doll creature. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)	3/2		normal	2HU		!token Doll\nNitori Kawashiro	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Turtle Youkai Artificer 	52	U	2U	Extending AAAAAARM! – 1: Until end of turn, Nitori Kawashiro gains reach and “Whenever Nitori blocks, put a stun counter on each creature it’s blocking.” Activate this ability only once each turn.NEWLINEHydraulic Power – U: The next ability of an artifact you activate this turn costs 3 less to activate.	2/4		normal	2HU		\nMomiji Inubashiri	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wolf Youkai Scout 	197	WU	1WU	VigilanceNEWLINETelegnosis – Each opponent plays with the top card of their library revealed.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.	2/3		normal	2HU		\nKanako, God of Progress	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature – God 	174	UBG	5BGU	Divine Virtue – Whenever a land enters the battlefield under your control, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may cast a nonland card from among them without paying its mana cost. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	7/7		normal	2HU		\nYoshika Miyako	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Zombie 	89	B	1BBB	Devour 2 (As this enters, you may sacrifice any number of creatures. This creature enters with twice that many +1/+1 counters on it.)NEWLINEPersist (When this creature dies, if it had no -1/-1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a -1/-1 counter on it. If a creature has both -1/-1 and +1/+1 counters, remove one of each until only one kind remains.)	3/2		normal	2HU		\nSuwako, Native God	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature – God 	231	UBG	UBB	Native Faith – Whenever Suwako enters or attacks, create a black Aura Curse enchantment token named Mishaguji attached to target player. The token has enchant player and “At the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted player loses 1 life.”NEWLINECreation of Earth – 2G, Discard a card: Search your library for a basic land card and put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nKisume	B	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Horror 	76	B	1B	FlashNEWLINETsurube-Otoshi Apparition – When Kisume enters, put a -1/-1 counter on up to one target creature.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nParsee, Green-Eyed Monster	BG	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Noble 	208	BG	2BG	TrampleNEWLINETongue-Cut Sparrow – At the beginning of your end step, each opponent with more life than you loses 2 life, each opponent that controls more creatures than you sacrifices a creature, and each opponent with more cards in hand than you discards a card.	4/3		normal	2HU		\nSafe Zone	W	common	Enchantment – Aura 	27	W	W	Enchant creatureNEWLINEFlashNEWLINEAs this enchantment enters, choose a card name.NEWLINEEnchanted creature has protection from the chosen card name. (It can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything with that card name.)			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nRin Kaenbyou	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Cat Youkai 	112	BR	1RR	HasteNEWLINERekindling of Dead Ashes – 1B: Exile target card in a graveyard. If a creature card is exiled this way, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying and haste.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nSatori Komeiji	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	223	UB	3UB	MenaceNEWLINEBrain Fingerprint – When Satori enters, look at target opponent’s hand. You may exile a nonland card from it.NEWLINEWhenever Satori deals combat damage to a player, exile target card from that player’s graveyard.NEWLINETerrible Souvenir – You may cast cards exiled with Satori and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast them.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nKoishi Komeiji		mythic	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	3	C	5	Shroud (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)NEWLINELonely Visitor from Hell – Koishi Komeiji can’t be blocked.NEWLINEDanmaku Paranoia – Whenever Koishi attacks, tap target creature defending player controls.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nIizunamaru, Daitengu	WUB	rare	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai 	169	WUB	3WUB	FlyingNEWLINEWard–Discard two cards.NEWLINEWhenever Iizunamaru or another creature with flying enters the battlefield under your control, exile target card from a graveyard. If a creature card was exiled this way, create a Treasure token. You may cast noncreature cards exiled this way for as long as they remain exiled if you spend mana from a Treasure to cast them.	5/5		normal	2HU		\nNazrin, Treasure Tracker	WU	common	Legendary Creature – Mouse Youkai 	202	WU	1WU	VigilanceNEWLINELittle Dowser General – Whenever Nazrin enters or attacks, investigate.  (To investigate, create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)NEWLINEGold Detector – T, Sacrifice a Clue: Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	2/2		normal	2HU		\nKogasa, Forgotten Umbrella	UR	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Spirit 	252	UR	1U/RU/R	FlashNEWLINEBOO! – When Kogasa enters, change the target of target spell with a single target to Kogasa if able.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nHatate Himekaidou	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai 	163	WB	1WB	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEThoughtography – When Hatate enters, you may exile target card from a graveyard. When you do, gain life equal to that card’s mana value.NEWLINE2WB: Return Hatate to its owner’s hand.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nIchirin Kumoi	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Youkai Monk 	168	WU	5WU	Flying, ward 4NEWLINEWhen Ichirin Kumoi enters, create Unzan, a legendary 4/4 white and blue Elemental creature token with flying, double strike, indestructible, and vigilance. When Ichirin leaves the battlefield, exile that token.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nTenshi, Delinquent Celestial	BRG	rare	Legendary Creature – Mystic 	232	BRG	2BRG	TrampleNEWLINEProvoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)NEWLINEWhenever Tenshi deals combat damage to a creature, exile that many cards from the top of your library. Until your next turn, you may play those cards.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nCaptain Murasa	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Spirit Pilot 	152	UB	3UB	Vehicles you control have islandwalk.NEWLINEWhenever a Vehicle or Spirit you control attacks and isn’t blocked, you may put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.NEWLINE3U, T, Discard a card: Put a flood counter on target land. It’s an Island in addition to its other types. (This effect lasts indefinitely)	3/2		normal	2HU		\nShou Toramaru	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Cat Youkai Avatar 	28	W	1WWW	Vigilance, lifelinkNEWLINE1: Reveal the top card of your library. Shou Toramaru deals damage equal to that card’s converted mana cost divided as you choose among any number of target attacking or blocking creatures. Activate this ability only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nByakuren Hijiri	WU	rare	Legendary Creature – Wizard Monk 	151	WU	4WWU	Creatures can’t attack unless their controllers pay 2 for each creature they control attacking.NEWLINEWhenever you gain life, each opponent gains that much life.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, if each player has at least 20 more life than their starting life total, you win the game.	7/7		normal	2HU		\nKyouko Kasodani	R	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Monk 	105	R	R	Echo R (At the beginning of your upkeep, if this came under your control since the beginning of your last upkeep, sacrifice it unless you pay its echo cost.)NEWLINEWhenever Kyouko enters or its echo cost is paid, target creature can’t block this turn.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nTojiko, Thunder Soul	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit Mystic 	122	R	4R	FlyingNEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, if you or a creature you control was dealt damage this turn, Tojiko deals 3 damage to any target.	5/4		normal	2HU		\nMononobe no Futo	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Mystic 	198	WR	2RW	Rainy Iwafune – Whenever Futo becomes tapped, exile the top card of your library. Until your next end step, you may play that card.NEWLINEFeng Shui – At the beginning of your end step, if you control an artifact, an enchantment, and a basic land, untap each nonland permanent you control.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nMiko, the Saint Reborn	WB	rare	Legendary Creature – Mystic Noble 	194	WB	6WBB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may sacrifice five permanents. If you do, this spell costs 3 less to cast.NEWLINEWhen you cast this spell, discard your hand, then search your library and/or graveyard for seven cards and put them into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle it.NEWLINEIndestructible	5/5		normal	2HU		Make this a cast trigger\nWakasagihime	U	common	Legendary Creature – Merfolk Youkai 	62	U	1UUU	Islandwalk (This creature can’t be blocked as long as defending player controls an Island.)NEWLINEWakasagihime gets +1/+1 for each Island you control.NEWLINEDiscard a card: Wakasagihime gains hexproof until end of turn.	1/1		normal	2HU		\nDynamic Entrance	G	common	Instant	126	G	1G	Target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn if it entered this turn. Then it deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.			normal	2HU		!tag IN\nBell of Avici	B	common	Instant	65	B	1B	Target creature gets -3/-3 until end of turn.NEWLINESuspend 3–2B (Rather than cast this card from your hand, you may pay 2B and exile it with three time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter. When the last is removed, you may cast it without paying its mana cost.)NEWLINEWhenever a time counter is removed from Bell of Avici while it’s exiled, put a -1/-1 counter on target creature.			normal	2HU		\nUtsuho Reiuji	R	mythic	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai Avatar 	123	R	3RRRR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhenever Utsuho Reiuji attacks, it deals damage equal to its power to target creature defending player controls.NEWLINE☢ CAUTION !! ☢ – 1RR, Discard three cards: Triple Utsuho Reiuji’s power until end of turn.	5/5		normal	2HU		\nScarlet Detonation	R	common	Sorcery	115	R	1R	Destroy target land. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Scarlet Detonation deals 3 damage to each opponent.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nShanghai Doll		common	Artifact Creature – Doll 	270	C	2	When this creature dies, draw a card.	1/1		normal	2HU		\nCrazy Backup Dancers	UBG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Minion 	249	UBG	3G/UB	MenaceNEWLINEWhen Crazy Backup Dancers enters, return a creature card from your graveyard to your hand if G was spent to cast it, and return an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand if U was spent to cast it. (Do both if GU was spent.)	4/4		normal	2HU		\nSekibanki	R	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	117	R	XXRR	MenaceNEWLINEMultiplicative Head – When Sekibanki enters, create X 1/1 black and red Youkai creature tokens.NEWLINEDullahan Night – Whenever a creature token you control dies, Sekibanki deals 1 damage to each opponent.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nKagerou, Bamboos Loup-Garou	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Werewolf Youkai 	135	G	G	Vigilance, trampleNEWLINEFull Moon Howling – 1GG: Until end of turn, Kagerou becomes a Wolf with base power and toughness 5/5.	1/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Kagerou, Bamboos Loup-Garou\nSeija, Bane of Gensokyo	R	rare	Legendary Creature – Youkai Rebel 	116	R	1RRR	First strike, trample, hasteNEWLINEDethrone (Whenever this creature attacks the player with the most life or tied for most life, put a +1/+1 counter on it.)NEWLINEReverse Hierarchy – Pay 2 life: Each opponent gains 1 life.	4/2		normal	2HU		\nSukuna of the Shining Needle	WRG	rare	Legendary Creature – Dwarf Rebel Noble 	229	WRG	RGW	Bushido 5 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +5/+5 until end of turn.)NEWLINEMiracle Mallet – Whenever Sukuna of the Shining Needle attacks and isn’t blocked, exile the top card of your library. You gain life equal to that card’s mana value and may play that card this turn.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nEternity Larva, Birth and Rebirth	G	common	Legendary Creature – Insect Faerie 	129	G	G	FlyingNEWLINEThe first creature spell you cast each turn costs 1 less to cast.	0/1		normal	2HU		\nKomano Aunn	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Dog Golem Youkai 	180	WG	1GW	Komano Aunn can block an additional two creatures each combat.NEWLINE2GW, Reveal Aunn from your hand: Target unblocked attacking creature becomes blocked. (This ability works on creatures that can’t be blocked.)	3/3		normal	2HU		\nNarumi, Life Giver	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Golem Wizard 	201	UG	2GU	When Narumi enters, choose one–NEWLINE• Manifest the top card of your library.NEWLINE• Manifest a card in your hand. (To manifest a card, put it onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)	2/4		normal	2HU		!addtoken LivingBullet;1\nSeiran, Lunar Invader	WB	common	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Soldier 	224	WB	WB	Bullets from another dimension – When Seiran enters, if you own seven or more cards in exile, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nRingo, Tactical Coordinator	W	common	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Soldier 	26	W	1WW	Other Rabbits you control get +1/+1.NEWLINERingo gets +2/+2 for each other Rabbit creature you control.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nDoremy Sweet, Dream Eater	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Nightmare Youkai 	40	U	2UU	When Doremy Sweet enters, put a stun counter on each other creature.NEWLINET: Tap or untap target creature.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nSagume, the Reversed Fortune	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Moonfolk Advisor 	217	WB	2WBB	FlashNEWLINEWhen Sagume enters, until end of turn, if a player would gain life, that player loses that much life instead.NEWLINEDiscard a card: Target player gains life equal to that card’s mana value. Activate only as a sorcery, and only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nFierce Fang, Wolf	R	common	Enchantment Creature – Wolf Spirit 	100	R	1R	Bestow 3R (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)NEWLINEThis creature must attack each turn if able.NEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +3/+1 and must attack each turn if able.	3/1		normal	2HU		\nKiketsus Sneak, Otter	G	common	Enchantment Creature – Otter Spirit 	136	G	1G	Bestow 3G (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)NEWLINETrampleNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+2 and has trample.NEWLINEWhenever this creature or enchanted creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Kiketsus Sneak, Otter\nEika Ebisu	G	common	Legendary Creature – Spirit Child 	127	G	G	When Eika Ebisu enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on another target creature.NEWLINE3G: Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	1/1		normal	2HU		\nUrumi Ushizaki	BG	common	Legendary Creature – Beast Demon 	234	BG	2BG	Creatures your opponents control get -2/-2 for each +1/+1 counter on them.NEWLINE2G, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nKutaka, Hells Border Patrol	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Bird God 	253	WU	2W/U	Flying, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)NEWLINECards can’t leave graveyards.	2/3		normal	2HU		!exportname Kutaka, Hells Border Patrol\nYachie Kicchou	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Dragon Turtle Spirit 	237	UG	1GUU	FlashNEWLINEWhen Yachie Kicchou enters during the declare attackers step, for each attacking creature, you may choose to have that creature no longer be attacking or reselect which player or planeswalker it’s attacking.	5/4		normal	2HU		\nKaguyas Impossible Request	U	common	Instant	46	U	1U	Counter target spell if it shares a card type with a permanent you control or a card in your graveyard.			normal	2HU		!exportname Kaguyas Impossible Request\nMayumi Joutougu	W	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature – Golem 	21	W	1W	Vigilance, protection from spiritsNEWLINEHumans you control have vigilance and protection from spirits.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nNamazu	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Fish 	200	RG	5RG	When Namazu enters, it deals 4 damage to each other creature without flying and each player.NEWLINENamazu can’t be blocked by creatures with flying.	6/6		normal	2HU		\nKeiki, the Sculptor God	W	rare	Legendary Creature – God 	16	W	2WWW	Idol of Soil and Water – When Keiki enters, you may search your library for an artifact creature card with mana value 3 or less and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINEArtifact creatures you control get +1/+1 for each Human you control.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nSaki Kurokoma	BRG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Pegasus Spirit 	218	BRG	4BRG	Flying, haste, trampleNEWLINEOther creatures you control have trample.NEWLINEAt the beginning of combat on your turn, create two 3/1 red Wolf Spirit creature tokens with haste and “This creature must attack each combat if able.”	4/4		normal	2HU		\nMike Goutokuji	W	common	Legendary Creature – Cat Youkai 	22	W	1W	When Mike enters, choose one–NEWLINE• Beckon Wealth – Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)NEWLINE• Beckon Customers – Create a 1/1 black and red Youkai creature token.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nTakane Yamashiro	G	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Advisor 	140	RG	2GG	When Takane Yamashiro enters, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal an artifact or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.NEWLINE3R/G: Exile target artifact, then create a Treasure token. This ability costs 3 less to activate if it targets an artifact you control.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nSannyo Komakusa	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Hag 	221	BR	3BR	Whenever you attack, roll three six-sided dice. If two match, create a Treasure token and draw a card. If all three match, create two Treasure tokens and draw two cards. If you rolled exactly a 4, a 5, and a 6, draw three cards and until end of turn you may cast spells from your hand without paying their mana costs.	5/4		normal	2HU		\nMisumaru Tamatsukuri	WRG	uncommon	Legendary Creature – God 	196	WRG	RGW	Misumaru Tamatsukuri gets +2/+2 as long as you control an artifact token.NEWLINEMisumaru Tamatsukuri has the activated abilities of artifact tokens you control.NEWLINE2, T: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature, except it’s an artifact. (It still has all its abilities, but is not a creature.)	3/3		normal	2HU		\nTsukasa, Daitengu's Consultant	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Advisor 	233	UB	UB	At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put that card into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag UM\nChimata, God of Marketplaces	UBR	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	154	UBR	UBR	As long as you control less than seven noncreature artifact tokens, Chimata isn’t a creature.NEWLINEAt the beginning of each end step, exchange control of target nontoken permanent you control and target nonland permanent an opponent controls, then if you do, create a Treasure token.NEWLINESacrifice three Treasures: Gain control of target permanent you own.	7/6		normal	2HU		\nSinGyoku, the Gatekeeper	R	common	Legendary Creature – Avatar 	118	R	1RR	MenaceNEWLINEPositive and Negative – 1: SinGyoku’s base power and toughness becomes 1/5, 5/1, or 3/3 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nYuugenMagan	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Elemental Demon 	245	WR	4RW	Flying, hasteNEWLINEAs YuugenMagan enters, create five 1/1 white and red Eye creature tokens with flying and defender.NEWLINEYuugenMagan’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of Eyes you control.	*/*		normal	2HU		\nKikuri, Hellish Moon	WB	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature – Wall 	177	WB	WWBB	DefenderNEWLINEWhen Kikuri, Hellish Moon enters, create two 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINESpirits you control get +1/+1.	1/3		normal	2HU		\nElis, Innocence Devil	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Devil 	158	BR	2BR	Flying, hasteNEWLINEWhen Elis enters, it deals 2 damage to target creature an opponent controls.NEWLINEBR, Discard a card: Exile Elis, then create a 1/1 black and red Bat creature token with flying and “Sacrifice this creature: Return a card named Elis, Innocence Devil from exile to the battlefield.”	3/2		normal	2HU		!addtoken ElisBat;1\nKonngara, Astral Knight	RG	mythic	Legendary Creature – Giant Knight 	181	RG	5RG	First strike, vigilance, reachNEWLINESwordsman of a Distant Star – Whenever a creature dealt damage by Konngara this turn dies, exile it, then Konngara deals damage to each opponent equal to that creature’s mana value.	6/6		normal	2HU		\nSariel, Angel of Death	WUB	mythic	Legendary Creature – Angel 	222	WUB	5WUB	Flying, Vigilance, MenaceNEWLINEIf Sariel would be put into a graveyard from anywhere but the battlefield, exile it instead.NEWLINEThen let us die together – At the beginning of your end step, if Sariel is in your graveyard, each opponent loses 3 life and you gain 3 life.	7/7		normal	2HU		\nGenji, the Venerated	UG	rare	Legendary Creature – Elder Turtle 	161	UG	GU	Flying, hexproofNEWLINEWhenever Genji attacks, until end of turn, another target creature you control gains flying, hexproof, trample, and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.”	0/4		normal	2HU		\nRika, the Tank Girl	R	common	Legendary Creature – Human Pilot 	111	R	2R	HasteNEWLINEShe’s in a Temper!! – T: Target Vehicle you control becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.NEWLINEVehicles you control have “R, T: This permanent deals 2 damage to target player.”	2/1		normal	2HU		\nMeira, Seeker of Dark Power	BR	common	Legendary Creature – Human Samurai 	193	BR	BR	HasteNEWLINEClaim the Hakurei – Whenever a creature dealt damage by Meira this turn dies, put a +1/+1 counter on Meira and draw a card.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nOtherworld Defense Platform		uncommon	Legendary Artifact Creature – Orb 	266	C	3	DefenderNEWLINEBet on Death – When Otherworld Defense Platform enters, surveil 2.NEWLINEUndying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)	2/2		normal	2HU		\nMima, the Black Wind	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit Wizard 	82	B	4BB	Flying, haste, lifelinkNEWLINEWhen Mima dies, instead exile it.NEWLINE2BB, Pay 4 life, Discard a card: Return Mima from exile to the battlefield.	6/6		normal	2HU		Cut lifelink?NEWLINEHigher cost to recur?NEWLINEShould recur tapped or as a sorceryNEWLINENEWLINE!tag SoEW\nBad Apple	WB	rare	Sorcery	148	WB	WB	Search your library for a legendary creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Until end of turn, spells with that card’s name cost 2 less to cast. You lose 3 life. 			normal	2HU		\nIwakasa, Bearer of the Elixir	W	rare	Legendary Creature – Human 	15	W	2WW	When Iwakasa enters, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, if you control Iwakasa and exactly one other creature, sacrifice Iwakasa, then put three +1/+1 counters on that creature. It becomes legendary and gains indestructible. (This effect lasts indefinitely)	1/2		normal	2HU		\nSpellcard Declaration	R	uncommon	Instant	119	R	R	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEChoose an instant or sorcery card name. Until end of turn, spells you control with the chosen name can’t be countered.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	2HU		\nItem Collection Border	W	uncommon	Instant	14	W	2W	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. You gain 1 life.NEWLINEGravestorm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each permanent put into a graveyard from the battlefield this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)			normal	2HU		\nDeep-Mountain Encounter	B	uncommon	Sorcery	71	B	B	Target player reveals their hand. If you control a Hag, choose a nonland card from it and that player discards that card. Otherwise, that player discards a card.			normal	2HU		\nEllen, Eternal Unknowing	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wizard 	97	R	1RR	Skip your draw step.NEWLINETabula Rasa – At the beginning of your upkeep, exile your hand and graveyard, then draw three cards	2/2		normal	2HU		\nKana Anaberal	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Spirit 	47	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEWhen Kana Anaberal enters, target opponent gains control of it.NEWLINEVanishing Dream – At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top five cards of your library.	2/3		normal	2HU		\nKotohime, Maniacal Princess	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Noble 	182	WR	1RW	When Kotohime enters, for each opponent, choose up to one artifact, creature, or planeswalker they control. Exile them until Kotohime leaves the battlefield.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nRikako Asakura	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Wizard Scientist 	215	WU	1WU	ProwessNEWLINEVisionary Game – As you cast a noncreature, nonartifact spell, you may tap an untapped artifact you control. If you do, that spell costs X less to cast, where X is the mana value of that artifact.	1/3		normal	2HU		\nYumemi Okazaki	UBR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Scientist 	244	UBR	2UBR	Adoration of Magic – Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may scry 1, then reveal the top card of your library. If you do, exile that spell if it has the same mana value as the revealed card.NEWLINEYou may cast spells exiled with Yumemi Okazaki without paying their mana costs.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nThe White Rabbits Trick	R	common	Instant	124	R	R	Until end of turn, target attacking creature you control can’t be blocked except by target untapped creature defending player controls.			normal	2HU		!exportname The White Rabbits TrickNEWLINE!tag IN\nMemento of the Avaricious Beast		rare	Artifact	263	C	1	T: Put an oil counter on this artifact.NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Until end of turn, target creature you control gains haste and menace and gets +1/+1 for each oil counter on Memento of the Avaricious Beast. Destroy that creature at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	2HU		\nUnshou, the Fisherman	W	common	Legendary Creature – Human 	31	W	W	FlashNEWLINEKappa’s Nostrum – When Unshou enters, return to your hand target creature card in your graveyard that was put there from the battlefield this turn.	1/1		normal	2HU		\nOrange	RG	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	254	RG	1R/G	Reach	2/3		normal	2HU		\nKurumi, Keeper of the Lake	B	common	Legendary Creature – Vampire 	78	B	BB	Flying, lifelinkNEWLINEWhenever a nonbasic land enters the battlefield under an opponent’s control, Kurumi deals 1 damage to any target.	2/2		normal	2HU		2-drop might be too much\nElly, Guardian of Mugenkan	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	128	G	2G	VigilanceNEWLINEElly enters tapped with a +1/+1 counter on it for each basic land you control.	1/1		normal	2HU		\nSara, Gatekeeper of Makai	R	common	Legendary Creature – Demon 	114	R	1R	DefenderNEWLINEWhen Sara dies, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nLouise, Visitor from Makai	WG	common	Legendary Creature – Demon 	184	WG	GW	When you cast this spell, each player gains 4 life.NEWLINEGW, Discard a card: Return Louise to your hand.	3/3		normal	2HU		\nYuki and Mai	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Demon Wizard 	242	UR	4UR	Flying, menaceNEWLINEWhenever Yuki and Mai attacks, tap up to two target creatures and Yuki and Mai deals 3 damage to each of up to two target creatures.NEWLINEWhen Yuki and Mai dies, choose one –NEWLINE• Tap up to four target creatures.NEWLINE• Yuki and Mai deals 3 damage to each of up to four target creatures	4/4		normal	2HU		\nYumeko, Blade of Makai	WBR	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon 	243	WBR	1RWB	DeathtouchNEWLINEWhen Yumeko enters, you may search your library for an Equipment artifact or Shinki planeswalker card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.NEWLINET, Sacrifice an Equipment: Yumeko deals 2 damage to any target.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nShinki, Creator Goddess	WBR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Shinki 	226	WBR	3RWB	Put a loyalty counter on Shinki, Creator Goddess for each Demon on the battlefield.NEWLINECreate two 2/2 black Demon creature tokens with menace.NEWLINEEach player chooses up to two lands they control and sacrifices the rest. Shinki, Creator Goddess deals 6 damage to each opponent and each non-Demon creature.		[+2]: Choose a nonland card in your graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card.NEWLINE[0]: Create two 2/2 black Demon creature tokens with menace.NEWLINE[-2]: Sacrifice a nonland permanent. Reveal cards from the top of your library until a nonland permanent card is revealed. Put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.NEWLINE[-12]: Each player chooses up to three lands they control and sacrifices the rest. Shinki deals 6 damage to each opponent and each non-Demon creature.	planeswalker	2HU	6	\nIku Nagae	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Fish Youkai 	170	UR	UR	Play with the top card of your library revealed.NEWLINEIku has vigilance as long as the top card of your library is white, flying as long as it’s blue, menace as long as it’s black, first strike as long as its red, and trample as long as it’s green.NEWLINER: Shuffle your library.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nJoon, Avaricious Pestilence	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – God 	172	BR	BR	Cumulative upkeep B/R (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this creature, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)NEWLINEQueen of the Bubble – Jo’on gets +1/+1 for each age counter on it.NEWLINEB/R, Pay 1 life: Put an age counter on Jo’on.	3/2		normal	2HU		!exportname Joon, Avaricious Pestilence\nShion, Consuming Poverty	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment Creature – God 	86	B	B	Bestow 3BBNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets -2/-2 and has “Spells you cast cost 1 more to cast.”NEWLINEAs long as Shion is a creature, spells you cast cost 1 more to cast.NEWLINEDiscard two cards: Return Shion to its owner’s hand. Any player may activate this ability.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nSuika Ibuki	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Demon Youkai 	228	RG	2RG	4RG: Suika Ibuki gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn.NEWLINEWhen Suika dies, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to four target creatures.NEWLINERemove eight +1/+1 counters from among creatures you control: Return Suika from the graveyard to the battlefield.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nHieda no Akyuu	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Advisor 	44	U	U	Vanishing 2 (This creature enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.NEWLINEWhen Akyuu dies, draw a card for each card named Hieda no Akyuu in your graveyard. (Including this card)	0/1		normal	2HU		\nIbaraki-Douji	B	mythic	Legendary Creature – Demon Mystic 	75	WBG	3BB	Whenever a nontoken creature dies, create a 1/1 black Skeleton creature token with menace.NEWLINEGW: Untap target creature an opponent controls. That creature blocks Ibaraki-Douji this turn if able.NEWLINE(Melds with Kasen, Seeking Herself)	6/5		transform double faced	2HU					WBG						\nKasen, Seeking Herself	WBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Kasen 	175	WBG	1WBG			[+2]: Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.NEWLINE[0]: Kasen deals damage equal to her loyalty to target creature an opponent controls. That creature deals damage equal to its power to Kasen.NEWLINE[0]: If you both own and control Kasen, Seeking Herself and a creature named Ibaraki-Douji, exile them, then meld them into Ibaraki Kasen, Complete.	transform double faced	2HU	4	Ibaraki Kasen, Complete	WBG	Legendary Planeswalker – Kasen 	WBG				NEWLINE[-1]: Exile target permanent.NEWLINE[-13]: Target opponent chooses up to one creature they control, then sacrifices all other nonland permanents they control.	8	*Too* easy to meld?\nLuna Child	W	common	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	19	W	2W	FlyingNEWLINEDampen sound – When Luna Child enters, opponents can’t cast spells until end of turn.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nMaribel Hearn	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human 	49	URG	U	Whenever you scry, you may pay R/G. if R was spent this way, exile the top card of your library and you may play it until your next end step. If G was spent this way, untap target permanent.	1/1		normal	2HU		\nMiyoi Okunoda	U	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai 	51	U	U	Whenever Miyoi Okunoda becomes tapped, target player mills three cards.NEWLINET: Target opponent creates a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)	1/1		normal	2HU		\nYoumu, Netherworlds Blades	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Spirit Samurai 	240	WG	2GW	When Youmu enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINERoukanken – Youmu has first strike as long as it’s attacking.NEWLINEHakurouken – Whenever you untap Youmu, exile target card in a graveyard. When you do, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	2HU		!exportname Youmu, Netherworlds Blades\nReisen, the Junior	WR	common	Legendary Creature – Rabbit Soldier 	255	WR	1R/W		3/2		normal	2HU		\nRenko Usami	U	common	Legendary Creature – Human 	57	U	1U	At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, scry 1.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nThis, Too, Is Yuri	G	common	Sorcery	141	G	G	Choose target creature you control and target creature you don’t control. If a legendary creature was chosen this way, put a +1/+1 counter on the creature you control. Then those creatures fight each other. (Each deals damage equal to its power to the other.)			normal	2HU		!tag IN\nKnight of Nights	B	uncommon	Instant	77	B	1B	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains haste, menace, first strike, and deathtouch.			normal	2HU		\nKokoro, Noh Embodied	UR	rare	Legendary Creature – Youkai Performer 	178	UR	1UR	Whenever Kokoro enters or attacks, create your choice of a Royal Role token, a Monster Role token, or a Sorcerer Role token attached to it. (If you control another role attached to it, put that one into the graveyard.)NEWLINEAuras attached to Kokoro have umbra armor. (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)	2/2		normal	2HU		!replacetoken RoyalMask;1;MonsterMask;1;SorcererMask;1\nRinnosuke Morichika	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human Youkai 	58	U	2U	DefenderNEWLINEWhenever an artifact enters the battlefield under your control, you may scry X, where X is that artifact’s mana value.	1/4		normal	2HU		\nSunny Milk	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	120	R	2R	FlyingNEWLINEManipulate light – When Sunny Milk enters, up to three target creatures can’t block this turn.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nStar Sapphire	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	60	U	2U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEDetect movement – Whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls enter the battlefield or attack, you may exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under your control.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nTokiko	U	common	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai 	61	U	U	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever Tokiko is dealt damage, each player may draw a card.	0/1		normal	2HU		\nNow, Until Your Final Breath	W	rare	Enchantment	23	W	3WW	When this enchantment enters, exile each noncommander creature you control until this card leaves the battlefield.NEWLINECommander creatures you control get +5/+5 and have vigilance, ward 5, and “This creature can block any number of creatures each combat.”			normal	2HU		\nJunko, Pure Fury		rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit 	2	C	12CCC	This spell can’t be countered.NEWLINEWhen you cast this spell, creatures your opponents control get -5/-5 until end of turn.NEWLINEOther creatures you control get +5/+5.	10/10		normal	2HU		\nToyohime, Divine Ward	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Moonfolk 	30	W	3WW	FlashNEWLINEIndestructibleNEWLINEWhen Toyohime enters, choose any number of permanents you control. Those permanents phase out.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nYorihime, Divine Vessel	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Moonfolk 	32	W	2WW	When Yorihime enters, you may search your library for a God creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, and shuffle.NEWLINEWhenever Yorihime attacks, if you control a God, Yorihime gains double strike and indestructible until end of turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nHakurei Ancestor	WR	mythic	Legendary Creature – Human Monk 	162	WR	2RW	HasteNEWLINEWhen Hakurei Ancestor enters, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn.NEWLINE2RW: Exile Hakurei Ancestor. At the beginning of the next combat, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nHisou Tensoku		rare	Legendary Artifact Creature – Giant Robot 	260	C	5	Hisou Tensoku enters with five +1/+1 counters on it.NEWLINEAt the beginning of your end step, remove a +1/+1 counter from Hisou Tensoku.NEWLINE2: Put a +1/+1 counter on Hisou Tensoku.	0/0		normal	2HU		\nLayla, the Last Prismriver	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Human 	183	UB	1UB	1, Sacrifice an artifact, exile a creature card in your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of the exiled card, except it’s a Spirit in addition to its other types. Then sacrifice Layla if you control three or more creature tokens. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nLily Black	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Faerie 	80	B	BB	FlashNEWLINEFlying, lifelink	2/2		normal	2HU		\nLord Tenma	W	mythic	Legendary Creature – Bird Youkai Noble 	18	WUBR	8WW	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)NEWLINEFlying, vigilanceNEWLINEWhen Lord Tenma enters, create four 1/1 white Bird Youkai creature tokens with flying and vigilance.NEWLINEUBR: Return Lord Tenma to its owner’s hand, then until end of turn creatures with flying you control get +2/+2 and gain menace and first strike.	7/7		normal	2HU		\nNuclear Options		mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature – Robot 	264	C	5	Dream of Eternity – At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player may pay 1 and scry 1. If they don’t, destroy all creatures.NEWLINEGame Over – At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player may pay 1 and put a +1/+1 counter on Nuclear Options. If they don’t, destroy all creatures.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nPriestess of Pseudo Paradise	WR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Monk 	209	WR	RWW	Flying, vigilanceNEWLINET: Exile target attacking or blocking creature. Return that creature to the battlefield tapped at end of combat.NEWLINE2W: Priestess of Pseudo Paradise gains hexproof from the color of your choice until end of turn.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nThe Coward Pierrot	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Deserter 	70	B	1B	At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice another creature. When you do, put two +1/+1 counters on The Coward Pierrot.NEWLINEThe Coward Pierrot has menace as long as it has four or more counters on it, first strike as long as it has six or more, and indestructible as long as it has ten or more.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nYouki, Konpaku Ancestor	G	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit Samurai 	145	G	2GG	VigilanceNEWLINEBushido 2 (Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.)NEWLINEAt the beginning of each upkeep, untap target creature you control.	4/5		normal	2HU		\nChoujuu Gigaku	UBR	rare	Legendary Creature – Youkai Rebel Bard 	155	UBR	UBR	Whenever you cast your first spell during each opponent’s turn, goad up to three target creatures that player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)	4/4		normal	2HU		\nPanic Bomb	B	common	Instant	83	B	1B	Target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.NEWLINEEach opponent loses 2 life.			normal	2HU		\nSpellcard Capture	U	common	Instant	59	U	3UU	This spell costs 2 less to cast if it targets a spell that shares a name with a card in its owner’s graveyard.NEWLINECounter target spell.NEWLINEDraw a card.			normal	2HU		\nFull Power Up!!	G	common	Instant	131	G	3G	Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature. Then you gain 1 life for each counter on that creature.			normal	2HU		\nGoliath Doll		rare	Artifact Creature – Doll Giant 	259	C	5	At the end of combat on each of your turns, put a charge counter on this creature. Then if there are three or more charge counters on it, sacrifice this creature and it deals 5 damage to each creature and planeswalker.	5/5		normal	2HU		\nBloom Nobly, Ink-Black Blossoms	B	rare	Sorcery	66	B	2B	Each opponent sacrifices a creature or planeswalker of their choice. Each opponent who can’t discards a card.NEWLINEEscape–3BB, Sacrifice a creature. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)			normal	2HU		\nUltimate Truth	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	B	Exile target creature. Its controller creates a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.			normal	2HU		\nPhantom Ensemble	W	uncommon	Sorcery	24	W	3W	Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying.NEWLINETritone Concerto – If three or more colors were spent to cast this spell, put a +1/+1 counter on each Spirit you control.			normal	2HU		\nFerryboat of the Dead		common	Artifact – Vehicle 	258	C	4	When this Vehicle enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.NEWLINEWhenever this Vehicle attacks, you may exile a Spirit you control. When you do, you gain 2 life and draw a card.NEWLINECrew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	3/4		normal	2HU		\nNemuno Sakata	BR	common	Legendary Creature – Hag 	204	BR	BR	Sanctuary – Nemuno Sakata gets +1/+1 as long as you control a Mountain.NEWLINEAdopt and raise – Whenever a player discards a creature card, create a 1/1 red and black Youkai creature token.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nGiga Flare	R	rare	Sorcery	102	R	RR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, pay 3 or tap an untapped creature you control with power 5 or greater.NEWLINEGiga Flare deals 5 damage to each creature and each planeswalker.			normal	2HU		\nGhost Lead	B	common	Creature – Spirit 	73	B	3B	FlyingNEWLINEWhen this creature enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nRepurposed Rover		uncommon	Artifact Creature – Drone 	269	C	6	Frontline purifier – If a creature dealt damage by Repurposed Rover this turn would die, exile it instead.NEWLINEWhenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, exile their graveyard.	5/6		normal	2HU		\nInterdimensional Voyage	W	common	Instant	13	W	1W	Exile target creature you control. If it was a Vehicle, exile each creature that crewed it this turn. Then return each creature exiled this way to the battlefield under its owner’s control.			normal	2HU		\nThe Palanquin Ship		rare	Legendary Artifact – Vehicle 	267	C	4	FlyingNEWLINEWhenever The Palanquin Ship enters or attacks, create two Treasure tokens.NEWLINECrew 5	7/7		normal	2HU		\nDrunk As I Like	G	common	Instant	125	G	1G	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Goad it. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	2HU		\nFires of Hokkai	W	uncommon	Sorcery	9	W	2W	Exile target nonland permanent. For as long as that card remains exiled, its controller may cast it. Spells cast this way cost 4 more to cast.			normal	2HU		\nShizuha of Fallen Leaves	RG	common	Legendary Creature – God 	227	RG	1RG	Partner with Minoriko of Harvest Fruit (When this creature enters, target player may put Minoriko into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)NEWLINEWhen Shizuha enters, you may discard a card. When you do, you may return a land card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	2/2		normal	2HU		1RG??\nMinoriko of Harvest Fruit	WG	common	Legendary Creature – God 	195	WG	GW	Partner with Shizuha of Falling Leaves (When this creature enters, target player may put Shizuha into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)NEWLINEWhen Minoriko enters, you gain 2 life. Then, create a Food token if you control three or more basic lands.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nOptical Camoflague	U	common	Instant	53	U	U	Until end of turn, target creature has hexproof and can’t be blocked.			normal	2HU		\nMature Adult Discussion	U	common	Sorcery	50	U	U	You and target opponent each draw two cards. That player may discard up to two cards. For each card they discard this way, you discard a card.			normal	2HU		\nGet Ahead Of Yourself	R	uncommon	Sorcery	101	R	R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a creature.NEWLINEExile the top three cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.			normal	2HU		\nCursed Decoy Doll		rare	Artifact Creature – Doll 	257	C	4	IndestructibleNEWLINEVanishing 2 (This creature enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)NEWLINEWhile an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose this creature if possible.	0/1		normal	2HU		\nLand of Faith and Fantasy	G	uncommon	Enchantment	137	G	2G	When this enchantment enters, you may search your library for a card with a basic land type, reveal it, put it into your hand, and shuffle.NEWLINEWhenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 black and red Youkai creature token. Then if that land was basic, put a +1/+1 counter on a Youkai you control.			normal	2HU		\nGensokyo Accepts All	G	common	Sorcery	132	G	G	Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. Until end of turn, creatures you control that share a name with the revealed card enter with an additional +1/+1 counter.			normal	2HU		\nBecome Marketable	U	common	Enchantment – Aura 	36	U	U	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature loses all abilities and is a colorless Doll artifact creature with base power and toughness 1/1.			normal	2HU		\nDoll		common	Token Artifact Creature – Doll 	27	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Medicine MelancholyNEWLINE!related Alice Margatroid<2>NEWLINE!related Marisa and AliceNEWLINE!related Hina KagiyamaNEWLINE!related Ordinary Magicians Charm\nExploitable Resources	G	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	130	G	1G	Enchant land you controlNEWLINEWhenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional C. If you control three or more basic lands, instead create a Treasure token.			normal	2HU		!tag UM\nMomoyo, Onyx Dragon-Eater	G	mythic	Legendary Creature – Insect Youkai 	138	BRG	2GG	Vigilance, trample, reachNEWLINE4BRG: Monstrosity 5. (If this creature isn’t monstrous, put five +1/+1 counters on it and it becomes monstrous.)NEWLINEPrincess Who Slays Dragon Kings – When Momoyo becomes monstrous, each opponent sacrifices a creature with the highest power among creatures they control. Create four Treasure tokens.	5/5		normal	2HU		\nThe Grounds Color is Yellow	R	rare	Enchantment	103	R	1RR	Each player must attack each combat if able.NEWLINEWeather pattern shifting! – Whenever a player attacks with each creature they control, exile the top card of your library. That player exiles the top card of their library. Players may play cards they exiled this way until their next end step.			normal	2HU		!exportname The Grounds Color is Yellow\nVine of Wisteria	G	common	Instant	143	G	1G	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. If it was attached to a creature, untap up to two lands.			normal	2HU		\nYuuka, Sleeping Terror	BG	rare	Legendary Creature – Plant Youkai 	248	BG	4BG	Ward–Discard a cardNEWLINESlaughter is a game – Whenever Yuuka becomes blocked, defending player sacrifices a creature blocking it.NEWLINELand of Blood – Whenever a creature card is put into an opponent’s graveyard from anywhere, return a creature or land card from your graveyard to your hand. This ability triggers only once each turn.	6/6		normal	2HU		\nPersuasion Needle		common	Artifact – Equipment 	268	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+0.NEWLINEAs long as equipped creature is attacking, it has first strike.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a Youkai, exile it.NEWLINEEquip 2			normal	2HU		\nBattle Bond	R	uncommon	Enchantment	92	R	2RR	Whenever you attack with exactly two creatures, those creatures get +2/+0 and gain menace until end of turn.			normal	2HU		\nHoming Option		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	261	C	3	Equipped creature gets +3/+3 and must be blocked if able.NEWLINEEquip 3			normal	2HU		\nLets Live in a Lovely Cemetery	B	rare	Sorcery	79	B	3BB	Destroy all non-Spirit non-Zombie creatures.			normal	2HU		!exportname Lets Live in a Lovely Cemetery\nAerodynamic Blades		uncommon	Artifact – Equipment 	256	C	4	When you cast this spell, copy it twice.NEWLINEEquipped creature gets +1/+0.NEWLINEWhenever equipped creature attacks, you may sacrifice this Equipment. When you do, that creature deals 1 damage to any target.NEWLINEEquip 1			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nAlice of Wonderland	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Wizard Child 	146	UB	2UB	Plastic Mind – When Alice of Wonderland enters, search your library and/or graveyard for a noncreature artifact, reveal it, and put it into your hand. If you searched your library this way, shuffle.NEWLINEThe Locked Grimoire – At the beginning of combat on your turn, until your next turn, up to one target artifact you control becomes a 5/5 Doll creature in addition to its other types.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nThrowing Mt. Togakushi	R	common	Instant	121	R	2R	Throwing Mt. Togakushi deals damage to target creature equal to the number of lands you control, then it deals 3 damage to that creature’s controller if you control three or more basic lands.			normal	2HU		Maybe make the basic reward a threshold instead of a scalar\nHakurei Shrine Grounds		rare	Land	271	WR		T, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Hakurei Shrine Grounds: Search your library for a basic Mountain or Plains, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		\nMyouren Temple Road		rare	Land	278	WU		T, Pay 1 life: Add W or U.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Myouren Temple Road: Search your library for a basic Plains or Island, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag UFO\nKaian Passageway		rare	Land	274	UB		T, Pay 1 life: Add U or B.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Kaian Passageway: Search your library for a basic Island or Swamp, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag LoLK\nHellfire Mantle		rare	Land	272	BR		T, Pay 1 life: Add B or R.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Hellfire Mantle: Search your library for a basic Swamp or Mountain, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag SA\nYoukai Mountain Ravine		rare	Land	281	RG		T, Pay 1 life: Add R or G.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Youkai Mountain Ravine: Search your library for a basic Mountain or Forest, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag MoF\nHuman Village Streets		rare	Land	273	WG		T, Pay 1 life: Add G or W.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Human Village Streets: Search your library for a basic Forest or Plains, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag IN\nLunar Capitol Thoroughfare		rare	Land	275	WB		T, Pay 1 life: Add W or B.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Lunar Capitol Thoroughfare: Search your library for a basic Plains or Swamp, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		\nNameless Hill		rare	Land	279	BG		T, Pay 1 life: Add B or G.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Nameless Hill: Search your library for a basic Swamp or Forest, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag PoFV\nMoreya Shrine Path		rare	Land	277	UG		T, Pay 1 life: Add G or U.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Moreya Shrine Path: Search your library for a basic Forest or Island, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag MoF\nMisty Lake Shores		rare	Land	276	UR		T, Pay 1 life: Add U or R.NEWLINET, Sacrifice Misty Lake Shores: Search your library for a basic Island or Mountain, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nUnzan token	WU	common	Legendary Token Creature – Elemental 	20	C		Flying, double strike, indestructible, vigilance	4/4		token	2HU		!exportname Unzan tokenNEWLINE!related Ichirin Kumoi\nHelpful Bunnies	W	common	Creature – Rabbit 	11	W	3W	When this creature enters, tap up to one target creature.NEWLINEWhenever this creature becomes tapped, create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)	3/3		normal	2HU		!tag IN\nFood		common	Token Artifact – Food 	28	C		3, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	2HU		!related Tewi, White Rabbit of InabaNEWLINE!related Helpful BunniesNEWLINE!related Minoriko of Harvest FruitNEWLINE!related Miyoi Okunoda\nRabbit	W	common	Token Creature – Rabbit 	6	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Tewi, White Rabbit of Inaba\nThe Jailbreak King	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Spirit Rogue 	171	UB	3UB	FlyingNEWLINEHaunt (When this creature dies, exile it haunting target creature.)NEWLINEAs long as The Jailbreak King is in exile haunting a creature, you control that creature.NEWLINE4UB: If The Jailbreak King is in exile haunting a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. (That creature is no longer haunted)   	3/3		normal	2HU		\nTsuchinoko	G	common	Creature – Snake 	142	G	1G	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice a noncreature permanent. When you do, search your library for a basic land and put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nEnigmatic Vestige	RG	rare	Legendary Creature – Kirin Spirit 	159	RG	2RG	Vigilance, reach, hasteNEWLINEWind Sign – When Enigmatic Vestige enters, you may return another creature you control to its owner’s hand. If you do, add RG.NEWLINEFlower Sign – Other creatures you control enter with an additional +1/+1 counter on them.	2/4		normal	2HU		\nOrdinary Magicians Charm	UR	common	Instant	207	UR	UR	Choose one –NEWLINE• Create a Treasure token.NEWLINE• Create a 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature token.NEWLINE• Gain control of target noncreature artifact with mana value 3 or less.			normal	2HU		!exportname Ordinary Magicians Charm\nNecrofantasia	URG	mythic	Sorcery	203	URG	1GUR	As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile a creature card from your hand or graveyard.NEWLINECreate a token that’s a copy of the exiled card, except it’s an Illusion in addition to its other types. When that token leaves the battlefield, return the exiled card to your hand.			normal	2HU		\nBattlefield of Hanazama	WBG	mythic	Sorcery	149	WBG	4WBG	Each player returns each creature from their graveyard to the battlefield. Creatures you control get +3/+3 and have haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	2HU		\nHidden Star in All Seasons	UBG	mythic	Sorcery	165	UBG	3BGU	Gain control of target permanent. Untap all permanents you control.			normal	2HU		\nMarisa of Scarlet Dreams	BR	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Wizard 	192	BR	2BR	FlyingNEWLINEHimorogi, Burn in Violet – Once during each of your turns, you may cast an instant or sorcery from your graveyard by paying life equal to twice its mana value instead of paying its mana cost. If that card would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead.	4/3		normal	2HU		\nReimu of Eastern Winds	WG	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Monk 	212	WG	2GW	VigilanceNEWLINEA Sacred Lot – When Reimu enters, create a 1/1 colorless Orb artifact creature token.NEWLINET: Target creature token gets +2/+2 and has trample and indestructible until end of turn.	2/3		normal	2HU		\nBeloved Tomboyish Girl	UR	uncommon	Enchantment – Aura 	150	UR	UR	Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets haste, first strike, and “Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, draw a card.”			normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nTreasure		common	Token Artifact – Treasure 	30	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	2HU		!related Exploitable ResourcesNEWLINE!related Hisami, Hells Invitation<2>NEWLINE!related Nazrin, Treasure TrackerNEWLINE!related Mike GoutokujiNEWLINE!related Iizunamaru, DaitenguNEWLINE!related Momoyo, Onyx Dragon-Eater<4>NEWLINE!related Sannyo KomakusaNEWLINE!related Sannyo Komakusa<2>NEWLINE!related Takane YamashiroNEWLINE!related Kitten of Great Fortune\nSkeleton	B	common	Token Creature – Skeleton 	13	C		Menace	1/1		token	2HU		!related Ibaraki-DoujiNEWLINE!related Ibaraki Kasen, Complete<2>\nDemon	B	common	Token Creature – Demon 	10	C		Menace	2/2		token	2HU		!related Shinki, Creator Goddess<2>\nYoukai (Banki)	BR	common	Token Creature – Youkai 	24	C			1/1		token	2HU		!exportname Youkai (Banki)NEWLINE!related SekibankiNEWLINE!related Sekibanki<X>\nVampire Noble	BR	common	Token Creature – Vampire Noble 	21	C		Flying, annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)	2/2		token	2HU		!related Flandre Scarlet<3>\nNightstalker	B	common	Token Creature – Nightstalker 	12	C			2/2		token	2HU		!related Apparitions Stalk the Night\nBird Youkai	W	common	Token Creature – Bird Youkai 	5	C		Flying, vigilance	1/1		token	2HU		!related Lord Tenma<4>\nBat	BR	common	Token Creature – Bat 	17	C		FlyingNEWLINESacrifice this creature: Return a card named Elis, Innocence Devil from exile to the battlefield	1/1		token	2HU		!related Elis, Innocence DevilNEWLINE!tokentag ElisBat\nSpirit	W	common	Token Creature – Spirit 	8	C		Flying	1/1		token	2HU		!related Kikuri, Hellish Moon<2>NEWLINE!related Youmu, Netherworlds BladesNEWLINE!related Yuyuko, Mistress of Death<X>NEWLINE!related Border of Life<2>NEWLINE!related Phantom Ensemble<3>NEWLINE!related Ultimate TruthNEWLINE!related Komachi, FerrywomanNEWLINE!related Ferryboat of the DeadNEWLINE!related Rin KaenbyouNEWLINE!related Ghost Lead\nOrb		common	Token Artifact Creature – Orb 	29	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Reimu of Eastern WindsNEWLINE!related Maidens Capriccio<2>\nEye	WR	common	Token Creature – Eye 	18	C		Flying, defender	1/1		token	2HU		!related YuugenMagan<5>\nManifest		common	Creature	1	C		You can cover a face-down manifested creature with this reminder card.NEWLINEA manifested creature card can be turned face up any time for its mana cost. A face-down card can also be turned face up for its morph cost.	2/2		token	2HU		!related Narumi, Life GiverNEWLINE!tokentag LivingBullet\nInsect	G	common	Token Creature – Insect 	16	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Wriggle Nightbug<2>\nWizard	UR	common	Token Creature – Wizard 	22	C		Prowess	1/1		token	2HU		!related Love-Colored Magic<2>\nHuman Monk	WR	common	Token Creature – Human Monk 	19	C			2/2		token	2HU		!related Maidens Capriccio\nMishaguji	B	common	Token Enchantment – Aura Curse 	11	C		Enchant playerNEWLINEAt the beginning of your upkeep, enchanted player loses 1 life.			token	2HU		!related Suwako, Native God\nSoldier	W	common	Token Creature – Soldier 	7	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Iwakasa, Bearer of the Elixir<2>\nBird	U	common	Token Creature – Bird 	9	C		FlyingNEWLINEWhenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.	1/2		token	2HU		!related Zenki and Goki\nRoyal Role		common	Token Enchantment – Aura Role 	3	C		Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 1.			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh EmbodiedNEWLINE!tokentag RoyalMask\nMonster Role		common	Token Enchantment – Aura Role 	2	C		Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh EmbodiedNEWLINE!tokentag MonsterMask\nSorcerer Role		common	Token Enchantment – Aura Role 	4	C		Enchant creatureNEWLINEEnchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature attacks, scry 1.”			token	2HU		!related Kokoro, Noh EmbodiedNEWLINE!tokentag SorcererMask\nBlood		common	Token Artifact – Blood 	25	C		1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	2HU		!related Toutetsu, the Avaricious Beast<X>\nDog	G	common	Token Creature – Dog 	15	C		When this creature enters, you may have it become a copy of target creature, except it’s 1/1.	1/1		token	2HU		!related Mamizou, Tanuki Boss<2>NEWLINE!tokentag Tanuki\nClue		common	Token Artifact – Clue 	26	C		2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.			token	2HU		!related Nazrin, Treasure TrackerNEWLINE!related Cheating Detective Satori<X>\nWolf Spirit	R	common	Token Creature – Wolf Spirit 	14	C		This creature must attack each combat if able.	3/1		token	2HU		!related Saki Kurokoma<2>\nYoukai	BR	common	Token Creature – Youkai 	23	C			1/1		token	2HU		!related Kosuzu, Curious Youth<3>NEWLINE!related Land of Faith and FantasyNEWLINE!related Nemuno SakataNEWLINE!related Mike Goutokuji\nError-Prone Maid	U	common	Creature – Faerie 	41	U	1U	FlashNEWLINEFlyingNEWLINEWhen this creature enters, you may sacrifice an artifact. When you do, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand.	1/3		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nProbability Collapse	B	rare	Enchantment	84	B	1BB	FlashNEWLINEWhenever an opponent draws a card other than the first one they draw in each of their draw steps, that player discards a card.			normal	2HU		!tag PoDD\nCheating Detective Satori	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Youkai Detective 	153	UB	UB	MenaceNEWLINEMind Reader – When Satori enters, for each opponent, that player reveals their hand and you investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)NEWLINE2, T, Sacrifice a Clue: Exile target card from an opponent’s graveyard. Until end of turn, you may cast that card and mana of any type may be spent to cast it.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nRowdy Drunkard	R	common	Creature – Human Citizen 	113	R	R	This creature has haste as long as you control an artifact token.NEWLINEWhenever you sacrifice an artifact token, this creature gains menace until end of turn.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nSumireko Usami	WUR	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Sumireko 	230	WUR	1URW	Scry 4NEWLINETarget artifact deals damage equal to its converted mana cost to target creature.NEWLINETap up to ten target permanents. Each tapped permanent your opponents control deals 1 damage to its controller.    		[+1]: Surveil 2, then draw a card.NEWLINE[-2]: Target artifact deals damage equal to its mana value to target creature.NEWLINE[-7]: Exile up to three target instant, sorcery, artifact, or enchantment cards from your graveyard. Copy them. You may cast the copies without paying their mana costs.	planeswalker	2HU	4	\nOkina, the Hidden God	UBG	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker – Okina 	206	UBG	3BGU	Draw a card, add one mana of any color, and lose 1 life.NEWLINETarget creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINESacrifice a creature, then gain control of target creature and put four +1/+1 counters on it.		[+2]: Draw a card, add one mana of any color, and lose 1 life.NEWLINE[-1]: Target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn and can’t be blocked this turn.NEWLINE[-5]: Sacrifice a creature, then gain control of target creature and put four +1/+1 counters on it.	planeswalker	2HU	6	\nPlayer 2	U	rare	Creature – Avatar 	55	U	2U	As you cast this spell, choose a color.NEWLINEYou may have this creature enter as a copy of a creature you control, except its name is still Player 2 and it’s the chosen color.	0/0		normal	2HU		\nChen, Servitor's Lackey	R	common	Legendary Creature – Cat Youkai 	94	URG	2R	HasteNEWLINEMenaceNEWLINEWhenever Chen deals combat damage to a player, you may pay G/UG/U. When you do, look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a Youkai creature or Yukari planeswalker card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	3/2		normal	2HU		\nRan, Sage's Servitor	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Fox Youkai 	56	URG	2UU	Planeswalkers you control have “+2: Draw a card.”NEWLINERG: Add CCC. Until end of turn, you may spend mana as though it were mana of any type to cast planeswalker spells. Planeswalker spells you cast this turn can’t be countered. Activate only once each turn.	4/4		normal	2HU		\nForest		common	Basic Land – Forest 	286	C					normal	2HU		\nMountain		common	Basic Land – Mountain 	285	C					normal	2HU		\nSwamp		common	Basic Land – Swamp 	284	C					normal	2HU		\nPlains		common	Basic Land – Plains 	282	C					normal	2HU		\nIsland		common	Basic Land – Island 	283	C					normal	2HU		\nNue, Heian Alien	UB	mythic	Legendary Creature – Youkai Shapeshifter 	205	UB	1UB	Whenever Nue enters or is turned face up, manifest dread. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into your graveyard. Turn it face up any time for its mana cost if it’s a creature card.)NEWLINEWhen Nue dies, you may pay 3 life. When you do, manifest it, then shuffle your face-down cards.	2/2		normal	2HU		\nBlood Drive	R	common	Instant	93	R	R	Create a Blood token and a Treasure token. Blood Drive deals 1 damage to you. (A Blood token an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.” A Treasure token is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	2HU		\nAgatha ChrisQ	U	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Bard 	33	U	U	When Agatha Chris”Q” enters, investigate. (Create a Clue token. It’s an artifact with “2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)NEWLINEU, Sacrifice Agatha Chris”Q”: Scry 2.	1/2		normal	2HU		\nChiyuri, Sailor of Time	B	rare	Legendary Creature – Human Advisor 	69	B	2BB	When Chiyuri enters, choose one –NEWLINE• Destroy target creature an opponent controls.NEWLINE• Target opponent chooses a creature they control. Gain control of that creature.	3/1		normal	2HU		!tag PoDD\nSakuya, Scarlet Guardian	UB	rare	Legendary Creature – Human 	219	UB	1UB	FlashNEWLINESplit second (As long as this spell is on the stack, players can’t cast spells or activate abilities that aren’t mana abilities.)NEWLINEWhen you cast this spell, until end of turn, spells and abilities you control have split second.NEWLINEWhen Sakuya enters, you may return a creature you control to its owner’s hand.	3/2		normal	2HU		!tag EoSD\nMoonlit Pursuit	R	common	Instant	108	R	R	Up to two target creatures each get +1/+0 and gain haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	2HU		!tag IN\nLunar Reinforcements	W	common	Sorcery	20	W	1W	Kicker–Sacrifice a token (You may sacrifice a token in addition to any other costs as you cast this spell.)NEWLINECreate two 1/1 white Rabbit creature tokens. If this spell was kicked, create four instead.			normal	2HU		\nThe Fortune-Teller	B	common	Legendary Creature – Youkai Advisor 	72	B	1B	MenaceNEWLINEEmerge 2B (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)NEWLINEWhen you cast The Fortune-Teller, if its emerge cost was paid, draw two cards and you lose 2 life.	2/1		normal	2HU		\nMaiden's Bunraku		common	Sorcery	4	C	3	Create two 1/1 colorless Doll artifact creature tokens.			normal	2HU		\nPristine Lunacy		common	Instant	5	C	1C	Target player chooses and exiles a nonland permanent they control.			normal	2HU		\nPurified		rare	Enchantment – Aura 	6	C	3C	Enchant permanentNEWLINEEnchanted permanent loses all colors, types, and abilities.			normal	2HU		\nSea of Petroleum		rare	Land	280	C		This land enters tapped with two oil counters on it.NEWLINET: Add C.NEWLINEMemory of Fossil Energy – T, Remove an oil counter from this land: Add one mana of any color.NEWLINEMemento of All Organisms – 1, T, Remove an oil counter from this land: Create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)			normal	2HU		\nDevil's Recitation	R	common	Instant	96	R	R	Devil’s Recitation deals 2 damage to any target. It deals 3 damage instead if you’ve sacrificed an artifact token this turn.			normal	2HU		!tag MS\nYuugi, Old Hell's Might	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature – Demon 	246	BR	3BR	IndestructibleNEWLINEYuugi can’t block.NEWLINEKnockout in Three Steps – Whenever Yuugi attacks, you may sacrifice an artifact. When you do, untap target creature and it blocks Yuugi this turn if able.	6/6		normal	2HU		